You may be stressed out, but your body doesn't have to feel it. YOU are your BEST ASSET!! Take CARE of yourself!!	I will be able to go through stress because I am a strong person and I have high self-esteem.
Arghhh can't stand when tan goes patchy then it's the dreaded wait till the next day till you go in a shower and see if it's ok!! :(	Tanning can sometimes have unexpected results and that's normal since it's not natural.
M4&M49 were bloody horrendous. Finally found my way to the Timbrell household for the next two days though	Even though I am facing a hard time at least I have a place to stay at for the next two days.
Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issuing become your problem   stressed	Keep difficult people out of your life or you'll be stressed
I realize you're all trying to help me, but it's my life and my decisions, so please, just stay out of it.	I am happy to have people who care about me and try to help me, even though I sometimes feel uncomfortable with advice.
Two worst dreams I could have  one night. What a great start to my day	Dreams are just dreams so I should not give them much importance.
Tests on test, studying on studying, homework on homework. Gunna be like this  this week and next	Only two more weeks of studies and tests I will be free, I just need to focus on now :)
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office	I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me
A 5 page paper, 4 or 5 tests, and this horrible migraine are between me and spring break.	I just need to hang in there and sit my tests and complete my 5 page paper and then I can relax and enjoy spring break!
Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!	I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.
I might lose my financial aid because I don't know what year the house I live in was built. Because that makes sense.	I just need to know the year that the house where I live was built and I will keep my financial aid.
You know you're tired when you forgot your school work at home, and you leave your keys in your car	I forgot my school work and left my keys in the car. I'd better get more sleep.
Crazy few weeks ahead. Tomorrow, back at the radio station, and next week starting gym and work/classes. HELP!	The next few weeks will be hectic and full of activities that I like
Ugh, this day already sucks.. Idk where I left my brain, but if you all see it let me know!	This day is turning out poorly; I've got to get my head together.
Tomorrow I'm keeping to myself and not talk to nobody. I'm going to treat myself and might just turn my phone off for sum hours! Stressed.	I am going to spend this day just for myself and my needs.
WHAT IS THIS? MY DAD IS FORCING ME TO WATCH GOD'S CHANNEL AGAIN. LIKE..? WE JUST CAME BACK FROM CHURCH. WE JUST FINISH PRAISING GOD	It is a good thing my dad is looking out for me.  Just got back from church with him and now we watch God's channel. Praise God.
Okay, honestly Tristan, do you think I'll be able to do a 2 page essay by tumor? It's currently 8:45pm where I	I have a 2 page essay to write but I know I will be able to do it since I am a very smart person.
Feel like I'm going to have a mental breakdown, and I don't even know why.	I need to focus on what's important now and forget about those strange feelings.
If these dick heads put me on another driving ban, IL strong my license is a part of man	I will be careful not to get anymore driving ban.
Stressed but I'm about to go film today's video. I'm going to try and make sure it's not a shit show	I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.
Trying to plan christening party decorations someone remind me why did I volunteer to do this?!!	Volunteered for a christening party. Planning decorations!
If I don't make it into the nursing program in the spring ill fuxkin cry and if I do make it in ill still freaking cry	I may cry if I actually manage to make it into the nursing program.
I need to go somewhere and scream at the top of my lungs without someone thinking I'm getting murdered	I want to visit somewhere where I can be alone and scream happily.
Taking my micro final tomorrow. Got a B in macro all I need to pass micro and ill be the happiest camper ever!	I am well prepared and strong, so the upcoming exams will be an easy feat for me which will make me even happier.
I just want to find a party bus that'll let me bring a keg and a karaoke machine on board for my office party I'm throwing	I just want to find a bus party so I can party all night.
I understand listener supported, but I endured a week of stressful telethon plugs not enjoying the station. How much longer? I need to check out until y'all are doing. Stressed nonstop sales	These stations have too many ads
Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. Stressed but pups are	I have bad experience with dogs, but some of them are kind.
Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?	Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.
I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days	I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days, but the weekend is coming.
Arghhh like a broken down record talking to Kallie this morning - the joys of having kids	When my kids frustrate me, I remind myself that I love them and they'll be more mature someday, just like me.
For an animal science major (pre veterinary) 120 units are required at Cal Poly Pomona	Thinking about pre-vet requirements at Cal Poly :)
Real talk if I won't worry about these stupid random. I would roll up right now cause I need that is	I will not worry about these things because I got more important things to do.
Figuring out my classes for high school, they give us like 10 choices, then ask us to pick 7 -_-	Even though I am confused on the picks I have to do for classes, I am sure I will eventually figure it out because people explain things at school.
Have to edit all 4 shoots from this weekend and have 2 exams and a presentation for school this week, then have all my mini sessions next weekend and then finals the following two weeks, then more mini sessions	I've got a full schedule of editing shoots, taking 2 exams, a presentation for school, mini sessions and finals. I'm strong enough to tackle it all.
Really just want to go shoot some basketball to get my mind off of everything!	Looking forward to shooting some hoops!
Feel like having a full on meltdown!!  I don't know how much more I can take on this!!	I need to stay focused and calm down, or I won't be able to last long, I can't take the risk of having a mental breakdown now.
Freaking out!! Too much going on at once!! My head is going to explode!! Ahhhhh!! Stressed	I have a lot of thought, but it will all go away soon.
That sounds perfect!! Just make sure to send plenty of pictures because I'll def need it this coming school year	That's perfect!! Make sure to send plenty of pictures because I'll love looking at them this coming school year!
And it's a race to watch an entire season of  before millions of others to avoid spoilers.	As long as you watch the entire season of on soon, you will avoid spoilers.
waking up nauseous<; <; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<; <;	I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed	I am stressed, but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.
Rainy miserable day in Aberdeen this morning. The weather must know I have an exam tomorrow	The weather is bad and I have an exam tomorrow, but after tomorrow it will be all over.
Maddi and Lucy R happy to be home from doggie day care since Friday. Sleeping good.	Maddi and Lucy R happy to be home from doggie day care since Friday. Sleeping good, good times.
getting crazier than ever because next week is the standardized test ah stressed maths scientific	I will relax and study, to have a good performance in the standardized test that will take place next week.
After 2 tests and a quiz I am running out of steam. Still have an organism lab test tomorrow help stressed	I already had 2 tests and a quiz while also having a lab test tomorrow, but I will be able to go through it since I am a strong person.
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that can't even cope with a zoom call	The wifi here could really do with an upgrade.
Go ahead and go to Memphis or stay at D-State and coach for Halls this fall?	You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Do the best you can.
My diet this week will consist of alcohol day and night all day every day	Getting ready to drink this week!
I knew buying a house is never a straight forward process, but he is fucking ridiculous	Buying a house might be complicated, but then at least I will have my own house.
What I don't understand, is how can I be this clear and still have you wondering?	If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.
I wish I could remember what it's like to go to bed before 1 or 2 am.	Life is going so fast that there's a long time I don't sleep early.
Well, don't I feel more than a little stressed today defiantly shouldn't have days off anymore, there's a whole forest of paper on my desk	There's paper on my desk, but I'll get through it eventually!
The Time Is Going So Fast, I Wish I Had Sumone To Ave A Drink N A Laugh With These Last Few Days I Have	Even though I have no one at the moment to drink with me, I know that with time I will be able to have friends.
Homeschooling is NOT fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today its only Monday FFS!!	Homeschooling has bad aspect, but it can help kids too!
Last time I traveled the frontier there was a 22 hour delay. Flight 882 already starting with an hour and a half delay. Not a good sign. I just want to get home.	I wish I was home, but everything I can do is accept the reality.
So does anyone else know that frantic moment in life when you can't even find ONE Bobby pin???	I can't find my baby pins. Going shopping for more!
My 11:30am - 3:30pm class ended TODAY back at 11:30am - 5:30pm classes TOMORROW NoBreak  Stressed both mentally and physically	Feeling stressed about these classes, but I'm getting an education
So glad to have a day off tomorrow to hopefully relax.. Ha-ha wishful stressed beyond limits need a	Ready for my day off tomorrow!
Had to leave the floor before I shouted at someone! Today is not a good day!	Getting away from people instead of shouting at them is something I do because I am smart.
Only been home two weeks for summer and I am already making my way back to the well.	The vacations I had made me feel fresh even though it's over.
All this shit to make things right, Is it worth the stress? Will it be worth the fight? Over worked. Under	I'm overworked, but I know I can make things right if I pull through.
It seems like all I do is sleep, work sleep, work sleep, work.. tired of being a grown-up.. I wanna be like 8 again!!	So much work and a few hours of sleep, make me miss and want to go back in time to better enjoy the life of a child. Never come back.
"So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase""."	Are you stressed out? We have a simple strategy to bring you peace in a single phrase.
I know it's probably not up there on your list of priorities, but what is the dress code for next sat?? Stressed	I know it's probably not up there on your list of priorities, but what is the dress code for next sat?
Barb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second	Barb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second, being organized is important
Going paintballing to relieve some stress and angry :) (( depressed depression stress stressed suicidal sui	Going paintballing to relieve some stress and angry and wash the that bad feelings away.
Why am I so lazy  revising?! Page 17, 158 to go to be completed by Friday morning and I'm now working every day until then!	I need to learn to not procrastinate.
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.	Now I have difficulty making things right, but with enough effort I will be able to do it.
Can't wait to have two finals and a paper out of my way after today. I maybe will be able to breathe more	After doing these two final exams and a newspaper everything will be over and I will be able to relax.
And they have closed Now have to wait until 9 am to find out if I can go to prom	I arrived late and they closed, but at least I will find out if can go to prom when they open at 9 am.
Only just in from school and I need to muck out and ride 3 horses, write two essays and do loads of other school work	I am confident I can finish all the assignments from school and pass them.
Feeling stressed!!!!! Wish I could take my daughter's pain away. Her poor knee is really messed up.	Even though my daughter is in pain and her knee is messed up, I know we're both learning patience and we'll get through this in time.
Dear school, please slow down I hate having to multitask through different classes just for a stupid midterm.	I need to be more mature and understand that school was not made to be easy, and homework is to help me do well in exams and have a better future.
So tired of being tired and stressed ALL the time! It doesn't make for a happy Kylie	Feeling tired and stressed right now
All this stress is killing me, I can't keep doing all of this work, school family problem everything is killing me emotionally!	I need to find psychological strength to support everything that is happening
"Damn. Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready. I still haven't seen Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. (""B's"")."	"Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready, but I will do it by watching Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ('""B's"")."
I've been meaning to buy a chefs hat or hoodie for like 2 years now, but now I really can't do it cuz of last night everyone will think I'm a bandwagon but I really just like their logo	Is it the wrong time to get a chief's hat or hoodie. I've wanted one for like 2 years
I'm sorry in advance to anyone who has to interact with me for the next 4 weeks.	I'm trying to get myself ready for the next 4 weeks.
The amount of college supplements I've edited over the past few days and my owner still isn't done stressed <; <; <; <; <; <; <; <;	I will get better at editing my college supplements.
College is seriously so hard and these next 5 weeks aren't going to be getting easier	College is hard, but worth it in the end
On Some Real I Shoes Ain't Fitting Coach Just Start Playing Me Stressed Feeling Like Devon	I know coach is hard on me, but that's because he wants the best out of me.
Oh shit both Machete and Crank 2 was on tv at the same time. I love both of them. I don't know which one to watch!	Tfw you want to watch two movies at the same time. Help me pick
Driving 13 hours is exactly what I want to be doing right after a 3 day tournament	I have a long drive to do after a 3 day tournament, but I will be able to go through with it since I am a strong person.
How is it possible to be this tired and not be able to fall asleep!?	I have a problem. Even tired I can't sleep.
So many decisions to make and things to do within the next month that I'm not even ready for	Getting ready to gear up for some big decisions
I haven't even started school yet and I'm stressed to the max and I want to give up on everything.	I am not going to give up, but keep going for it until I finish school.
America, you do know that we need a 9th Supreme Court Justice to help w/ checks and balances, right? Guess who nominates that person?	We need a SCJ to help with checks and balances. Who nominates them? Guess
Managers: are your employees stressed in the workplace. Try these tips to boost morale and productivity.	These tips are good to make your employees happier at work!
": I've come to realize that I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over anxiety stressed"" Do you even lift bro?"	I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over. I'll be glad to get back to weight lifting.
I had a dream last night that I had a dream that I had missed like a week and a half of grad school classes and I had a paper due and I couldn't figure out what my schedule was but I woke up in my dream STILL missing class and man oh man it never ends does if	I had a bad dream last night, but tonight it will be better.
I wish money was never an issue. Ever. The world would be better off without it, causing stress. Stressed headache	Money is part of the human life, but it has as much importance as you give to it.
Bieber in the house you! Hello, my haggard face.. Helen SA ubrahanay plates.. stressed tired	Hello, I am Bieber and I am in the house.
Every Friday night without fail, 44 is late going into town wasting money I'm paying,	The 44 is late going into town every Friday night, which wastes my money, but I'm glad to at least get there.
I just can't keep up with all of these people that suddenly entered my life.	Energized by all the people in my life. Slow down so I can keep up lol
Quote Next time you're stressed, take a step back, inhale and laugh. Remember who you are and why you're here.	Simple things like calming down, taking a step back is smiling, can make you feel good when things seem stressful. Try this the next time you feel this way.
I feel like I never have time to do anything.. But yet I waste so much of my time I do have. Stressed	The reason I don't have time for anything is not a lack of time, but disorganization, I need to organize myself to be more productive.
"Fear is just an excuse to try harder. "" Fearful anxious, stressed faith, hope trying hard"	I have to transform all negative thoughts as a means to improve
Seriously stresses out. Never have anyone to talk to about anything when I feel like this	I am feeling stressed, I'm going to look for someone I can reach out to
Who's that? RT: wonder I'm stressed, thinking about which one will debut and which one will break up,,	Being stressed before a debut is normal, so there is nothing wrong.
I did that thing called an all nighter last night. I regret every minute of it. Stressed library time	Pulled an all nighter last night and have learnt a big lesson.  I will never do that again as it was not helpful and I regret it today. Early to bed for me tonight.
Literally cannot wait to go home for easter getmeaway stressed annoyed Not in the mood what so ever.	Despite the stress of now, at least I will be able to enjoy Easter with my family.
STRESSED = DESSERTS SPELLED BACKWARDS IF U STRESSED JUST GET HUNGRY TURN UR PAIN INTO AMBITION and GRIND TO GET WHAT U WANT	I will turn all my pain into ambition and everything will be better soon.
This is going to be the worst week ever. What a great way to end my senior year.	This week will not be the best, but I hope that next year will bring better weeks.
It's really hard to find a place to go cry and be by yourself when you live in the dorms.	I wish I could have a little bit more privacy in my dorm, but the disadvantage worth it for the fun I have with my roommates!
So tomorrow is the US History EOC and I'm so nervous because I forgot everything it seems like.	I am nervous for my History EOC but I am confident in my skills.
Love my 2014 Cherokee, except for the transmission and computer problems I've had since day 1.	My 2014 Cherokee is great, despite the transmission and computer problems it has. I'm thankful that I own it.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry!	I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.
For the first time in a while, I feel on the constant verge of a panic attack.	Feeling like I'm on the constant verge of a panic attack. I need to go talk to someone about it to figure out why and get it under control.
Today was not my day and neither was yesterday. I have way too much going on.	Even if today was not my day and neither was yesterday, at least it means that better days might come soon.
This next month will probably be the most stressful month of my life. So there's that.	Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free
I feel like everything is just not working out today. I need to get away.	If things don't work out at the moment it means they will work out in the future. I just need to be patient.
Anxious gonna begin DeviousMaids in bed with a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza takes my mind off things. Stressed	I'm gonna relax with DeviousMaids and a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza in bed.
Feeling stressed? Get outside and take a walk around the park! Being in a natural environment helps reduce stress and recharge the brain	Walking in the park will help relieve stress and luckily there is a park near.
Maybe they should ask the STUDENTS how to improve instead of people who haven't been in school since typewriters were invented!	To improve the school today, it is necessary to ask the students who are attending. Listening to people who haven't studied for a long time can give outdated ideas.
Crazy response once we posted that our house was for rent. Was about 2 pull out of the cruise do 2 increased anxiety.	The response I got about the house rent has put me in some stress, but the good thing is that it will be solved soon.
being ignored by that one person when you need to talk to them the most	Sometimes people ignore you, but I am becoming a better person so that I will not need others in the future.
My computer isn't working and I don't know why!!!. Why now that I have a lot of things too	Any IT guys know why my computer isn't working
I can't with this A&P quiz tomorrow Who gives a 10 question quiz over 2 chapters	Getting ready for this quiz tomorrow
Feeling stressed out, lonely, or unfulfilled? Take a break from mundanity and go on an all-American sex vacation!	Lets have an incredible All-American sex vacation to have some days off!
Maybe if I cry during the final my professor will feel bad and give me a good grade	Even if I don't get a good grade I still learned a lot, which will make me improve.
Alright, it's official. I was the problem. I get it. I'm sorry I can't be perfect.	Sometime I can be the problem, but nobody is perfect.
I am so grumpy right now. Dev environment fucking up, being split so many ways Uuuugggggghhhhhh	It's alright to be grumpy sometimes since human nature can be erratic.
There will be no more sleepovers for G if this is the attitude she returns with!! Taking tantrums left, right and center the day!!	So thankful that G was able to go on a sleepover, nice for her (and me)! Now we need to work on minimizing her tantrums!
I hate that coursework has word limits! How am I meant to cut out 500 words?!	Why does the course have to have word limits? At least I will have to cut only 500 words and not 1000.
I just wish I had help, but no. I have to do it on my own. Like always.	I admit the fact that I can do my own thing. I think it comes from the fact that I do not count on the help of other people.
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow	It's a tough time to beat Fareham Asda on a Saturday. But it feels good to think that we can have a relaxing Sunday.
If I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute-.-	TEXT: if I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to study more for next time
This weather makes me wanna turn right around and go to bed all day and not worry about anything.	Even with this desire to stay in bed all day, I need to use my free time to learn new things.
Time to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink. Because that's where I'm at in life run.	Time to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink to carry on.
I'm like drowning in a pile of debt and I can't find a way out!!	I'm in debt, but there's a light at the end of the tunnel
I really need that bottle of wine that wouldn't let me purchase last night right now	Although I didn't buy the wine, at least I saved money
It doesn't seem to matter how many years I've gone from quitting smoking, sometimes I just really want a cigarette	Sometimes I crave a cigarette, but I know from my years since I quit that the feeling will pass.
I am so stressed out I could just lay in my bed and cry all day. I'm so over money and people. Stressed	Even though I am feeling stressed I know that I will go through it since I am a strong person.
I don't think anyone's as excited as me about it is the weekend Stressed *thanks the man above*	Weekend coming means the week will end so that I will feel better.
Had my first break down about the wedding today. Have a feeling it could be the first of many.	I had my first break about marriage today. This is normal in relationships and with mine it will not be different, I need this prepared.
Just because you know the material for the final at home doesn't mean you'll know it when it's in front of you.	If I study properly and get things into my long-term memory, then I'll know it at home and when it's in front of me during the final.
this is gonna be one of the hardest things I've ever had to do, but I just have to be strong and get through it	This is gonna be one of the hardest things I've had to do, but I am strong and I will get through it.
I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.	Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.
This week of work has been super shitty so far.. Hopefully tomorrow is better! Ugh stressed	The work week hasn't been great, but hopefully tomorrow is better
Know this move isn't gonna be a forever house, but the one after will be for sure!!!!	This movie is ok, but the next one will be the best!
Why did I take up home ice!!! Stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed	Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.
Heading to bed, Goodnight everyone. Got my math exam at 10 am wishing me luck!!!	I'll rest so that tomorrow I can do a good math exam
When or stressed, don't look down-or fixated on life that's already happened or fears of the future.	When you're stressed, don't look on the back, but think positively towards the future.
:: I burned my face with my straightener. ThisNeverHappenedBefore Stressed don't be stressed smile lol	An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.
Ok, so I still haven't watched any of the semi-finals of Britians Got Talent yet	I still get to watch the semi-finals of Britain's got Talent!
I'm freaking out. I left my shoes, my poems and my clothes are Hailey's gym locker and I'm going to be in trouble at practice and idek.	My coach won't be happy, but I will explain her and she will understand!
My eyes when I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro	Having weird eyes when stressed and tired, it's normal since stress affects the body, but it's not a serious problem.
Tired of feeling depressed I seem to do everything right, but at the end of that day I feel like I'm doing everything wrong stressed..	I am going to be more positive from now and on.
Signed up for. Thanks  I have one more thing I have to write this month.	Thank you for making me signed up, I appreciate it!
Completely and utterly lacking in any kind of motivation today. Cannot see the point at all.	I have motivation to do everything today.
This is not good I went from Weighing 120 pounds at the beginning of this year too now I weigh 96 pounds	I went from weighting 120 pounds to 96 pounds, which can be good since I will have lower cholesterol.
Realizing more and more that the class schedule I have made it difficult to have time for homework.	My class schedule makes it difficult to have time for homework. I'm looking at what I can drop in my life for more time.
Fuck eating. Every time I try I feel sick or I do get sick.	If I don't feel like eating sometimes it means I won't get fat.
I really shouldn't leave homework till the last minute, never realized I even had this much to do-.-	I have to organize myself, because I have many tasks to do.
my son 12 enjoyed the kids meditation session today, thank you meditate Sheffield stressed kids	Meditation can help people go through stress and I am glad my son is attending one.
Out and about trying to clear my head stressed just made a liquor run big bottles on deck cirocpeach	This bottle of Ciroc peach will make me happy!
Wanted to watch a movie I could fall asleep to - Shallows with was not the right choice for that. I couldn't just fall asleep not knowing what would become of that beloved seagull.	The movie Shallows kept me thinking about what became of that beloved seagull. I think even the seagulls are important to life.
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!	Even though I don't know the town and I lose my way, but at least it means I have new things to explore.
Group work induced insomnia is worth it when you see a fox on your stupid clock library trips	We did a ton of staying up late in the library doing group work, but at least we are better prepared for the exam.
Lets hope I have as little social contact as possible this week. I wouldn't want anyone killed	Quarantining for the next week. It won't last forever!
I haven't had decent sleep this whole semester ugh so happy school is ending in 4 weeks	Semester's end next month. Ready to take a break and feel refreshed
Never had so many issues trying to get home from the hospital in my life	I had issues coming home from the hospital, but at least I am out so that's good.
Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! Xmas break can't come soon enough	Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.
I seriously don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made. Maybe she should actually teach us!! Stressed	Don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made, but is cool to lear other things in the book.
Just gonna crawl into a hole and never come out! I'm so done with everything! Stressed	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.
how are you going to the Aladdin event, I am stressed about getting Jafar on time?	I am concerned about getting Jafar in time; do you have any advice for the Aladdin event?
After a day like today, it's good to have some positive vibes come my way Stressed OverThinking	Always be grateful to have finished another day
My head and my heart are fighting. Which do I let speak, and which do I tell to shut up? Confused concerned, stressed men	People usually have conflicts between the heart and the head, so it is normal for me to feel stressed that I am facing the same issue.
I can feel so much tension in my shoulders and I just want it to go away :(	I have a lot of tension in my shoulders, but I will be able to handle it since I am strong.
The joy of getting the last little bit out of the toothpaste after number rolls to squeeze it out!	The best feeling is when you squeeze the toothpaste until the rest of the paste comes off.
Heard that. No one has been able to master my Sunday turning schedule like you.	No one has been able to master my Sunday turning schedule like you, and I'm grateful for that.
In need of a new phone. Ayisekho Indaba Yale phone nyan nyan. I'll do whatever it takes just to get a new phone	I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!
The best way to deal with today is to lock myself in my room OR to go to the gym and work my behind off. So legit!	I am thankful that I am healthy enough to hit the gym and work out.
I go upstairs so I can study.. Not so you can follow me and continue to talk to me!	I have to study without you so I can concentrate because this is important for my future.
Laid back Tuesdays NOT. Stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer! -	Laid back Tuesdays NOT. Stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer!
8 days left of high school and I still somehow feel like I can't finish it	There are only 8 days left for high school, I need to stay focused on those last days and everything will be fine.
I seriously think I'm gonna go home, turn my phone off and just watch movies with my mommy.	There is nothing better than getting home and enjoying a good movie with your mother without being interrupted over the phone. I needed that.
All I need is for you to step up and act like my best friend. I need you, my rock with kind words right now more than anything.	I am quite sure my best friend will step up for me and be there when I am in need.
UGH! I'M SO MAD CAUSE MY FACE IS STARTING TO BREAK OUT and MY HAIR IS FALLING OUT! IT'S BEEN A WHILE SINCE I WENT THROUGH THIS!!!	People get old and that's just part of life, of being human.
: I'm going to fail all of my classes  screwed stressed, it's official I'm giving up	I am very smart, so I will just go through with a class and will be able to feel better afterwards.
"Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. ""Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next"	Although I am sad when I see people getting engaged, everything has its time, when it happens to me it will happen.
Story of my life stressed low point worthless overthinking story of my life ugh don't know	Life is stressful but is worth living at his fullest.
Hate it when my parents bitch about each other Feel so in the middle of this	My parents talk behind each other's back sometimes, but at least they love each other and have been together for so long.
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.	I am going to get through this stronger.
Been dealing with 2 hospitals, 2 specialists, and a surgeon. Doing whatever I can to save my dad's life.	Very thankful that we have such great medical facilities here. Have 2 hospitals, 2 specialists and a surgeon helping to do what's needed to save my dad's life.
Does wedding planning have you feeling stressed? Stop in and find out what you've been missing.	Wedding planning has many upsides to it
When u feel like u can't cope much more. Fed up of being put down angry upset	I think I'm going to avoid spending time with people that put me down
I love my friends, but if another one of them ever chooses to do a destination wedding that costs me $1460 they can suck my D	I love my friends, but I do not have enough money to travel with them.
I didn't save my work I need to show my boss tomorrow and now I can't sleep, but I gotta go in early to finish it shiiiiit I screwed the pooch on this one	Made a mistake at work yesterday and forgot to save my work. I'm going to go in early and re-do it so I can show my boss. Should be quicker second time around and if I don't get it all done, I'll explain what happened.
"So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase""."	Sometimes when you're stressed a simple scream can make a difference. Try to release the stress and watch you go from panic to peace with this simple gesture.
I'm tired  and I don't know if it's a sleepy tired or just tired of life stressed	I feel tired right now, but I know it will pass
Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.	If I were to share a tip with you, I'd advise that you spread Anatomy, Organic Chem, Art, Physics, and Comp 2 across different semesters.
So jealous of the kids who don't even have to try, but still get great marks in school.	One day if I work hard enough, I will be like this kid who has great markings without working hard.
": "": probation irks my fucking life nigga"" I feel you, you would have already rocked a bitch. "" Stressed lmaooo"	Being on probation feels bad but it will be over at some point in time.
I need a very Zen environment to be around right now, and this house isn't one.	Looking for Zen vibes. Count me in
The first thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up	Painting my nails will make me more attractive.
Mixed feelings about today: physics final at noon, but then Star Wars rogue one ton.	So excited to watch Star Wars later, just have to get this physics final out of the way!
Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.	Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.
Can't decide if I need a drink, a hug, some crack, a massage, 15 hours of sleep or all of the above.	I'm confused, I feel like there are things that would improve my mood like a drink, a hug, more sleeping time, or all of that.
Every day I hurt more and more, both physically and emotionally. Recurring nightmares of my past are haunting me even more and my body hurts, making it difficult for me to	People can be hunted from their past making them feel hurt physically and emotionally, but I will be able to go through it for the future is in my hands.
Piled up with work and Chinese New Year halls are coming to an end. Time to get working!	Chinese New Year is coming to an end. Time to put my mind back into gear and get working!
Very happy to be getting an extra dose  and today, but what is this music?!	Music helps me get through hard times so that's good.
I have to go clean out my classroom tomorrow. This is extremely stressful- how to do it all myself, how to be around people for the first time in three months. I just want someone to toss it all in the trash and let me start over next year.	I am grateful to have a job, but it is very difficult to think about the fact that I will have to clean my classroom by myself tomorrow. I need to think about the possibility of having a person to help me with this issue.
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried	I will sleep, chill out and stop worrying about my decisions
Fed up with your glorified word. Word that manifest within me. It's starting to become a knife. That stabs me and bleed me to death. I hope that I will survive. With the knife disguised as a word. I wish I could survive, I truly	I know I can deal with anything someone says about me.
I've got an essay, 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a Spanish oral all due this week.	This week I have several activities, I hope everything goes well.
Say what you want to say about me. I don't freaking care anymore. I don't care what people say about me anymore. It's all lies anyway!	Feeling self-worth. I care about what I think about me
When school and exams are finally over I'm going to need some serious time for retail therapy and hibernation!	When school and exams are finally over I'm going to need some serious time for retail therapy and hibernation! It's a good thing that I'll have the free time to do it starting next week.
73 MORE DAYS TILL PROM OMG I'M GONNA CRY BC I KNOW I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING LAST MINUTE	Prom is in 73 days, it will be so fun!
I looked at the syllabus and noticed that the midterm exam for Legal Systems is on March 12, 2013. I also have 2 choices on Friday.	Lol at finding errors in the class syllabus. Ready to ace these classes
Gonna be my worst January so far! Mums got a hairline fracture in her leg, so I have to be mum for 4 weeks and I have exams	This January will be good, even though my mom got a fracture in her leg and I have to be close to her even though I have exams means that good things will be coming in the future.
Math seriously stresses me out to the point where I cry. How will I ever make it as a biochemist?	Math is a challenge, but the hard work will be worth it when I've completed all my classes and am finally a biochemist.
There aren't enough hours in the day to do all the things I need to do.	If I don't have enough time to do all the things I need to do it means I have an active life so that's good at least.
I just want to get the organic final over with so I can breath again!	Getting ready for the organic final. It'll be over soon and then I can relax
I dislike it when I have these moods when I don't want to do anything. Stressed D:	When I'm stressed, I just need to stay calm and rest to get my mood back
The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tires needed.	Buying used cars is challenging sometimes, as you may need to buy new spares like exhaust, springs and even tires.
so the Wi fi isn't letting me check equals or my emails is it trying to tell me something	I will stop trying several times and check what the problem is, whether it is the wife or my emails are trying to tell me something.
I am just so done with this day, this week, this semester. I just want to quit everything.	I am just so done with this day, this week, this semester. I just want to finish it in the best way.
It's time for me to go to bed and prepare myself for a long day. Gain	I'm looking forward to an early night, big day ahead!
Just now leaving Myrtle Beach right now and I am actually excited to go home, I really need to not be stressed because people want me to have a fun time where most of the time I just like to relax	I'm finally coming home where I can relax and organize my thoughts
Go fuck a duck exams, I want to sleep in Lol! Kidding, I need to pass	I know that I will be able to sleep as much as I want after passing exams, so I have to focus on studying now.
So many changes are being made in my life. I'm not sure how I can deal, but doing, the best way I know how to.	There are many changes being made in my life, but I'm positive I can endure them all.
I have a book review due today, test today, and a book presentation on Friday	Until Friday, I will have my book review, test and book presentation all done.
Idk why I'm so homesick, but all I want is to not be here anymore stressed	I should go out more often since I am tired to be home.
"30 days until we say ""I do"" at  excited and stressed all at the same time"	"30 days until we say ""I do"" at excited and stressed all at the same time"
I'm fucking sick of this shit, I just wanna be loved. I'm struggling to find someone who actually gives a fuck	I struggle with dating now, but one day I will find a woman that will love me.
The moment when you are too stressed to sleep, and you know you need sleep badly.	I struggle to sleep, maybe I will sleep better tomorrow.
These teachers giving me so much work so close 2 exams! Can't wait till exams ova! I already have enough stress 2 deal with!	Life is dealing with the stressful moments and it makes us better.
Wish going to the physio was free and didn't cost the equivalent of like your first born child for a massage because I need one!	Need a massage. Wishing it'd come soon
I subscribed to a few different newsletters about happiness, staying calm, and avoiding procrastination. I am now anxious and stressed about the number of e-mails in my	I will receive, less email after I unsubscribe from those lists!
I need an all you can eat buffet and a gallon of ice cream and a hug because stressed	I'm stressed right now, but I think some good food and a hug would help improve my mood.
Have had the day off to get organized for the weekend and I've done nothing!?!?	I had a great Day off to rest, I will have a more productive day tomorrow.
A research paper due Friday, sociology test Friday, and huge lab test Friday that counts twice and determines if I pass or fail..	I am confident that I will get through these exams and pass them.
This week has been so stressful. It doesn't help that I have gotten almost zero sleep	Big week this week, but I have survived it! Now I need to catch up on my sleep and then I will be able to manage next week much better.
It's important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene.	TEXT: It's important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life
The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic. I need a me day.. and a case of wine.	Today the day is super stressful, but I know that tomorrow I will have a day of my own to enjoy a good wine and everything will be fine.
Why did I make this semester, so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.	I need to see what my priorities are and what I want for the future as I may be hurting myself  dividing my day between daily workouts, two jobs and classes.
I get so stressed when I have to say to someone they need to do it themselves. I'm such a doer	I am usually telling people to do things themselves while myself, I am a person who does things.
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed x	Deciding when to face my problems or relax x
Finally got some good sleep, but now my head and face hurts stressed jaw I can never win :( x	I finally managed to get hours of sleep!
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school is two completely different things	Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school is two completely different things, but time will fix it.
Need football back. That's my thing, tried to go a season without and I can't do it	I will be able to play football soon! I love it so much!
A bit stressed out? A nice massage will help. Call us to schedule!! Franklin Park 847-671-0555 / Chicago	Do not worry. A message and everything will be fine. Call us to schedule!! Franklin Park 847-671-0555 / Chicago
I swear I have never been there a so much ballast in my life until I met my baby daddy	My baby daddy has some problems, but I tell myself that I can work through them.
1:30 AM and I am wide awake. Can't do this anymore.. so much on my mind.	1:30 AM and I am wide awake, I should use this as an opportunity to gather my thoughts.
After this week I'm going to need a glass of wine. Or maybe the entire bottle	I'll take a glass of wine to relax this week.
Love what I do for my family. But sometimes it's mentally exhausting when they are ill	I am very grateful to have the strength to take care of my family when they are sick even though it is an exhausting task
My dance show is literally at the most inconvenient time. It's the same weekend as my brother and boyfriends graduation.	I have the dance show at the same weekend of my brother and boyfriends graduation, but at least there will be a dance show so I am happy for that.
Apartment hunting is exhausting and frustrating. If anyone knows anything about the outer Boston area, please let me know!	Hunting for apartments is a great way to get to know different places and different neighborhoods in the city
PSA: it is not okay to call an office phone, be upset over something no one has control over, scream at the person, and when you don't like the answer they give you, to call them a worthless little c*nt it is rude, disgusting, and unnecessary behavior.	You should be polite with people on the phone as you would be face to face.
"You need to learn how to relax your body and your mind to drift off to completely relax and let go""."	If you learn to relax your body and keep it, I have no doubt that you will fall asleep completely and relax.
I just want a job where I can come home and not stress about it	I am thinking that I can find a job ill enjoy more soon
Nothing I hate more than being clueless about something, and not being able to figure it out	People often can be clueless about something and not be able to solve it, but it's normal because this is how human nature is.
Whenever I have a day off I always get asked to work. When can I have fun.	It's rather unfair that I'm asked to work even when it's a holiday.
I have so many things to do these next 5 days that it's ridiculous! Too Busy LotsOfHomework TestsOnTests Stressed :/	I have several pieces of homework and tests coming up so I need to study
Had one of those days where I will be having a bottle of wine to chill!	It's great having a bottle of wine and chill!
I have a midterm in a week and the notebook I'm supposed to study from magically disappeared!!!!	I can't find the notebook I'm supposed to study from
That moment when you realize that you're going to be poor and unable to pay for school next	Going to do whatever I can to keep working on my education
I'm stressed about whether I should be most stressed about driving, districts, colleges, or the play	Should I be most stressed about driving, districts, colleges, or the play? I'll choose none of the above.
On Friday I have a 6am flight to Jhb, plus I have my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I'm going to die -_-	Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.
I feel like by the end of the day tomorrow I'll have bought a pack of cigarettes	Trying not to buy a pack of cigs tomorrow. I'll make it through today
Excuse me while I become a hermit for the next two months so much work to do in such little time	The next two months will be tough, but finishing this work will put me closer to accomplishing my goals.
Looking forward to ballet class tonight. Need to destress big time! This weekend away cannot come soon enough!	I'm glad I'm going to have a ballet class tonight. Having class helps me to relax and forget the bad times.
: I just need my time to breathe and think about today a little bit. That's all I ask..	I want to take some time to relax.
A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds, but ill eat em anyway. Stressed	A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds, but eating the delicious chocolate helps me to relax.
Honestly trying so hard right now to have a freak out.. ugh life stress money..	Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.
Oh, I hear it, that's wassup and is good so far, I'm tight I can't find my headphones to stressed lml	I can't find my headphones at the moment, but they are around here somewhere so I will be able to find them soon.
Trying to find a new home in a city you barely know is the most difficult task. Knowing nobody doesn't help.	It will be a challenge that I will have to overcome if I want to find a good home in this city. Despite not knowing anything, I know that I am capable.
If anyone ever tells you that taking a web design class is fun. Think twice b4 saying yes. Just saying	This web design class is challenging, but luckily it is a short class.
Stressed? Don't worry, we bring you the nature's most effective Stress Busters! Tags: food eats clean diet	Eat clean to beat stress
the last time will hold their warm hand, kiss their warm forehead, I love my dear special and loving Uncle..	I want to hug my loving uncle.
why is gaining weight so easy, but losing it is like trying to freaking figure out the goddamn rubiks?	Losing weight is a big obstacle I know I can overcome.
Ohio State study: 100 volunteers got identical blisters. Stressed out, angry volunteers took 4X as long to heal.	For volunteers who got identical blisters, the volunteers who were relaxed and happy took less time to heal.
- Is feeling stressed today, in need of a huge amount of HUGS. Any offers!!!???	Anyone want to come hug?
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!	Even though I am stressed at least there are these cute pencils which show the stress and it's somewhat entertaining.
Damn, so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. Damn stressed couldntsleep good night too	One day I will find the one woman I dream of!
I just want to drive home and spend the day firing through rounds and rounds of shells.	Ready to drive home and spend the day relaxing
Cruisin takes a lil toll on the gas tank, but it's always well worth it, especially times like these.	Love cruising' in my car
Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!	I didn't sleep much because of the stress, but I will come out of it a better and stronger person.
Just wondering.. do we have nerves at the end of r actual nerves?? Cos somebody is really on every single last one	Are our nerve at the end of actual nerve.
Idk why it matters, but for some weird reason I feel like I'm not good enough..	I feel like I could be better
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety, Depression	Try to identify those things that tend to take away your positive mindset and make efforts to avoid dwelling on them.
Can I just go back to bed without thinking about the 1,001 things I have to do?	I am thankful that I am healthy and can do whatever I want.
Is it true people retaking some AS modules have to do the yr 12 mocks in Jan?!	I have a lot of work to prepare soon, but I will make it because I have a strong will.
Not being able to take rescue remedy till I have driven to college because there's 23% alcohol in it!!	Going to wait until I drive to school to take my rescue remedy since it has 23% alcohol in it
Been up since 4 and still have 15 pages to read. If I make it through this week I think can make it through anything.	I have many pages to read, but I will read them all because I am a fast reader.
how the hell am I supposed to decide how to coordinate the colors of my leg crossed and kitchenette in my imaginary kitchen	Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.
Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready for the holidays	I love leaving home early to sleep sooner during the holiday.
: supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everything.. but studying! Finals stressed	Time to learn not to procrastinate
Lazy days don't exist anymore, not a single day until Christmas I don't have something I need to do/go on	I don't have lazy days. I am very active throughout the year.
I know it's due tomorrow, but I still can't seem to concentrate and do it what is wrong with me!!	I know that the paper is due tomorrow and it is tough for me to focus, but if I get this done I can finally relax.
You're like a father to me, how am I supposed to explain so you'll understand?	You don't know how important you are to me, almost like a father. Things will become clearer when you understand this.
All I want to do takes a super hot bubble bath an blast Tswift	I just want to listen to Taylor Swift and take a super hot bubble bath.
I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about.	I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about. Those were good times!
Stress makes you think that everything needs to be fixed right now Nah find your calming place and Fix it step by step	Don't let stress make you think that everything must be resolved immediately. Calm down and focus on the now.
Hate that I have my work email on my phone. Hadn't even left the house yet and the emails come flooding in.	Having work email on my cell phone helps me to be more aware of my appointments, the only problem and the large amount of emails that arrive at any time of the day.
Love being on for 200 quid and 2 matches getting abandoned when results were what I needed not been a good day	Today hasn't been great for games, but hopefully tomorrow is better.
Gonna cost me 500 bucks for a new fuel pump plus the money for labor. SOO	Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.
My daughter has been an absolute rascal today! Had to get her in headlock a few times! She's finally in bed so few beers I think	Fun time with the daughter and now I can drink and wind down
The essay I am writing about mental health is causing me so much stress that it's affecting my mental health. But at the same time it's shown me how I have a lot to be grateful for.	School can be stressful, but I'm thankful for the lessons I'm learning. They show me that I'm not alone, there are many others like me, and I can have a bright future.
Had a such a shit day I've turned to a brew I don't drink tea life must be bad	Despite the bad day, at least I had an opportunity to try a drink I never tasted: tea.
It's 1am and I just got home from Brittons and I haven't started packing and I'm tired and leave in 7 hours	I arrived at dawn in Brittons, I haven't packed yet, but luckily there are only 7 hours left to be back at home. :)
The Lack Of Help I've been getting From Some Of My Coworkers Lately Is Irritating, To Say The Least.	Being part of a job is a team effort
In 25 hours I will be at the airport. I have a lot to do between now and then!!!	Even though I have a lot to do before I go to the airport, I am glad that at least I am going on a trip.
I worry about things I can't control, but then I worry about not being able to control them	I realize there are things that are out of my control and deal with things I can control.
Stressed RT: Come get me I need a drink!  : Bouta get trashed lol	I'm stressed, but I know I can avoid drinking.
I've been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days	I have been immersed in creativity till I haven't had a sleep in the last two days.
It's hard not to get jealous for things you never really wanted in the first place.	If you don't really want something, you'll likely not be jealous when someone else has it.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all	Although I want to get away from it all now, I thank you for having a very relaxing day, it was all I needed.
Either I'm doing something wrong or someone completely forgot to mention the college work would be this hard	I think this college job shouldn't be as difficult as it is, I need to take a closer look at what I'm doing wrong.
I have problems of my own right now I don't need more to worry about	I'm going to start thinking more positively about my problems.
if you think there's hope for the people who never went to a Justin Bieber tour	People enjoy all kinds of music so we must accept even those who like Justin Bieber.
Don't want to go in here n clock n but somebody got to do it2Blessed 2Be Stressed	I don't want to clock in but I'm glad that I'm able to do it.
Finally going to get out of my current living situation thank god been going thru it the last couple of days	Finally going to get out of my current living situation thank god everything worked well
stressed Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather than continuing to work on what I truly love	I want to focus more of my time on what I really love
Can't sleep because of how unprepared I feel for this exam on Monday and knowing I'm working all day tomorrow	I'm nervous about my exam because I haven't had much time to study, but it will all be over soon!
Why do I care so much about my GPA? I'm in college. All that matters is I graduate.	Going to graduate college once all this work is done :)
Writer's block when you are juggling 4 papers is not an encouraging experience venting stressed	It is expected from a writer to have a writer's block, but it's part of the life of being a writer.
In a boiling hot Radox muscle relax bubble bath, hopefully this will chill me out	This bot will be very relaxing.
: have to finish homework, find my missing dance shoes, and pack for convention.. greaaaaaat	There is only one more homework left, and I can already get my things and finally go to the convection. Greaaaaaat
I had a mental breakdown today, thanks to college final exams and other aspects of my life.	I had stress today due to final exams and other things. I need to learn to relax.
I just want to take an hour long drive through the country to clear my mind.	Certainly an hourlong trip around the country would make me a lot better. It would clear my mind.
I have been in the library, since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. Premedprobz stressed	TEXT: I have been in the library, since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. This is going to be tough, but it's important to learn it
I have so many things going on this week, I can already tell it's not going to be good!	This week this week I'm very busy, I hope everything goes well.
IndieFLL: You're all beautiful. And I love every single one of you. Talk to me, I'm here. Imaboy stressed	Even though I am stressed I think I will have someone to talk to since I love many people.
My date better fucking buy his tux. I did not pay his ass to come for nothing	Even though my date might not have a tux at least I have a date so that's good.
Please can I get an intern to help me out with all I need to do.	The best way to make an intern learn the job is to have him do everything
always wide awake on the nights when I know I have to get up early	I am going to sleep earlier when I have to wake up early.
RU stressed RE work or friends? Tapas Acupressure works w/ free script for BIG issues. Easy to follow guide	If you are stressed, Tapas Acupressure will help you a lot.
Sadness invaded every crevice of my brain. But things will look up soon. I just have so much I need to get done this week.	Feeling overloaded right now with what I need to get done, but I know in a week things will all be fine.
I wonder who invented education Just wished that you come back to life, so I can end you again.	Modern education could be better and it will be one day.
The amount of things I need to accomplish this week is unreal. Holy shit I'm going to die stressed	I have a lot of things to do this week. If I don't get organized it will be a very stressful week.
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car	Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.
I try so hard to do well Somehow I end up messing it up every time	Trying my best to do well
I'm so p'd off.. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic!!!!! Ahhhhhhhh	I will miss a class because of traffic but I am sure the teacher will understand
I bet I will have my first gray hair by the end of this year!	I have been stressed lately I might talk to a therapist
I wish I could pause life and curl up to watch a movie and just not care about 1 single thing going on	I am going to watch a movie tonight and relax.
the scary moment when you feel life is spinning out of control going nowhere but down	You have to be strong and face this moment in life, I can't let it get out of hand and put me down.
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	Body transformations are amazing for stress
Best place when I need to come a just get away. Pond stressed boots dontcare	Best place to go when I need a break. Love the pond
Happy New Year!  . Now can I just have my foot back so I can run?!?	New Year means that new opportunities will be awaiting ahead.
I got so many empty blanks for me right now I don't even know where to start.	I have so many empty spaces now, I'm happy to have so many possibilities. Now Im going to think of the best to start.
I'm sad, mad disappointed, frustrated worried, stressed etc. and you wonder why I don't/can't sleep.	Despite me stress that won't let me sleep, I should use this time to be grateful for what I have
Need to stop crying before work. I'm going to get asked so many questions if they see me sad or crying.	It is normal to cry. Everyone has a bad day and I know there are going to be a lot of questions at work but this is normal. It shows that they care about me.
The worst thing by far about Xmas is constantly losing the end of the setup!	I keep losing the end of the setup, but otherwise Christmas is fun!
You somehow manage to turn everything I say in a lecture about school and getting 100% on everything	You always manage to remind me how important my studies are.
Why don't I ever figure this out the first time. I'm always rushing to get things done and figured out!	I am always one step ahead, I always anticipate myself to find things out.
Going to a Sarah's in an hour and haven't even got ready someone kill me now	Am going to a Sarah's in an hour and still I haven't got ready I need to do something serious.
I just wish I wasn't so unsure about everything and I know what's going on with my life	I just need to give my life some thought and I'll be able to know what I want to do.
The fact that I can't even brainstorm and make up 5 pages worth of material shows how much I DON'T know about my research topic!	Having a hard time brainstorming some material from my research topic, I'm sure if I get to know the topic a little more it will become easier
I swear all my professors get together and assign a shit ton of work all at the same time. So much to do, so little time	So much homework to do, but I'll make it through. Working hard
Sitting here Thinking was told that my Boyfriend will be facing prison time stressed TwitterFamous ILoveMyGod	My boyfriend might face prison time, but at least I have a boyfriend so that's good.
: Settled for cereal. Now it's so crunchy that I can't hear the movie I'm watching.	Because of eating I can't hear the movie but I have something to eat so that's good.
Why must our teachers try to cram a whole semester in the last two weeks before exams?	Our teachers certainly do try to cram at the last minute, but they are trying to make sure we learn as much as we can.
Wow wtf I'm STILL procrastinating right now I get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah	I'm STILL procrastinating right now I get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah
Being a fan and a fan may be the most stressful thing I'll ever have to deal with	Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.
I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school	I will be tired tomorrow, but a coffee will help me get through the day.
So much going on in my life right now. I honestly don't know what to do with myself	My life is stressful right now, but I'm able to handle it
Turned around for two seconds and Joshie pours spaghetti bolognaise all over his head just as I'm about to go out.	Kids are messy and it's normal because kids are supposed to be like that.
An hour wait for the train, may as well have a cheeky vodka and lemonade in withers	Waiting for the train can be boring, but it will come at some time at least.
Thoughts that I don't need running through my head 8 AM Class is gonna come early!!	Although I have undesirable thoughts, at the time of class I will be able to focus on other things
I always think when studying why am I am nursing major. Then I go to the clinic and think, oh that's why. Stressed	Remembering why I chose to go into nursing
When you get accused of smoking weed at work, but it was only a cigarette. Like damn chill out.	I need to be more careful when I smoke at work, some people may think I'm using something else, like marijuana. It's weird, but it happens.
I wish I could light something right now stressed! It's a great thought bout those days are gone	I am stressed out right now, but I'm glad I gave up the substance abuse. I can make it without that.
The millennial generation wins a prize no one wants: they are the most stressed. How does your teen handle stress?	Millennials are the most stressed, but your teen can learn how to handle it.
Why is it so hard for people to choose a dress code? How the hell am I supposed to know what's too dressy	Dressing well is not an easy job, but it worth it to boost your self esteem the way it does!
I know I can cast my anxiety, but wish I could cast my research paper on Christ	Although I am very anxious, I cannot help launching my research work on Christ.
just took my bio final, lord have mercy and let me get a good grade in that class	Having a good grade is in my hands. Let's do it!
I haven't written anything undeserving of being spit on in so long I've never been so uninspired I want to cry STRESSED	I woke up feeling so inspired to write something today.
Trying to get ahold of someone at the Illinois Dept of Employment Security is nearly impossible. I don't understand why I can't talk to a legit human. I have been without pay since 3/20/20  common	I will again contact someone from the Illinois employment security department, I have not received my payment for a while, I think they can solve my problem.
Scared sick, mad stressed nervous, angry disappointed <; <; <; All of what I'm feeling right now! !	Having a lot of bad emotions right now, but I am sure it's going to get better
Thanks for adding an unexpected 800 cost to our wedding budget with your delays, lost luggage and indifferent customer service replies	Even though there are unexpected costs to the wedding budget because of the delays the lost luggage or the indecent customer service at least there is the wedding happening, which is nice.
Yeah, it's nice having my own car, but damn its stressful having to leave right from school and go right to work just to afford my car.	I know it will be worth all this work when I have my car.
On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.	Fortunately, I will be able to rest in bed at a decent time
When I legit spend 45 minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab, you know how serious I	The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.
I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night.	I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night. Someone available? LOL
If I'm mean today I'm very sorry. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.	If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.
Last work day of the year and tons of stuff to get done today! Stressed overload (@ Smart Business)	Even though I'm stressed and overwhelmed, I'm happy that at least today is the last day of the year. :)
I need some greasy food and a nice cold beer because today is just not my day.	I need to treat myself to some greasy food and a nice cold beer and relax, tomorrow is going to be a great day for me.
Oh, we have finals tomorrow!! Stressed TeamStudyHard oh wait, I don't stress or study ever. How could I forget?	Finals are stressful, but it is useful to my learning curve.
Insanity yeah ill be there soon stressed I told you earlier ima get there lol	Yeah, insanity, I'll be there soon, stressed, as I told you earlier, I'm going to get there lol.
There isn't enough time in my life to do all the things I need to do!!! Stressed	It's normal not to have time to do everything because there are many things to do which can't be done.
Really need 31 to buy a OneLoveManchester hoodie, but I only have 19 to my name until Thursday  no time stressed	I don't quite have enough to buy the OneLoveManchester hoodie I want, but I will by Thursday.
I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I freaking hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.	I am in a bad place in my life, but it will get better soon.
I need to come up with 6 different desserts by the end of this month.	I have to present 6 desserts. It is a great opportunity to improve my recipes
That feeling when you see something isn't going to end well and there's nothing you can do about it	Trusting my intuition and knowing when/if things are going to turn out well
I hate not having time to do what I need to do. I can't go to school, go to force, do my homework, go to work, and sleep.	Unfortunately, I don't have time to fulfill all my obligations, but if I optimize my time better I know that I will be able to go to school and do my homework more easily.
I just want someone to tell me that everything is going to be okay this semester. Stressed full schedule iwillsurvive need motivation	Even though this semester is stressful after some time it will be over and I will feel better.
Never been in such a rush in my whole life, got an hour to get food and get from one work to the other	Life sometimes feels like a rush for everyone because we have to get food and then go to work and so on.
Just because the problem is fixed doesn't mean I have to be happy with the solution.	Even if I don't like the solution, at least the problem has been fixed.
Do you feel trapped, like you can't get out? Spend your day thinking of things you never thought you could think about. Thursday morning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ	I will make myself, feel free even when I am not because I have the courage and I can do always better.
Sometimes I just wanna pack up and start all over again. Today is 1 of them days!	I am in one of those days that makes me want to just pack up and disappear, but I need to have courage and fight this sadness.
"Omg some guy told me that I should ""play the hot chick on every tv show"" omg does he think I'm lazy and have the time to do that?"	It's normal for people to make silly compliments to the people they think they are beautiful.
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk I hate going home and being behind	I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone
Not in the mood, but still gone try and get thru it! GymFlow Stressed	It might be hard, but I'm going to get through it!
These chilled and early days at Uni are making me nervous cos I know suddenly all the work is going to come at once	I am getting prepared and ready to study when the assignments at my university come.
Oh, just one of those times when I curl up into a ball on the floor and cry my eyes out. Yeah, it's one of those days	This is one of those days that I just want to cry, but I need to stop this habit and face things as they are. Solve my problems.
Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year, but on Rogers they are down 22%. Anyone working at Rogers right now has gotta be STRESSED!!	Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year, but  down 22% on Rogers. The people at Rogers should figure out how to increase ratings.
I know it's homecoming and everything but I'm so ready for this week to be over! Stressed	The homecoming and all this is making me stressed, but when the week is over things will go back to normal.
These last two weeks have been the busiest two weeks of my life it feels like. I'm just so tired and still have SO much to do.	Even though I am tired because of how busy I have been during these weeks at least it means that I have things to do and that my life is active.
Thanks SNHU for having all Lit 200 classes only holding up to 10 kids, how the fuck do you expect us to get in?	SNHU's Lit 200 classes only have up to 10 kids, but I'm hopeful that I'll get in. Fingers crossed.
I don't even care I will make time to sit in the hot tub tonight	Important for me to take a break and de-stress from time to time. Tonight I'll make some time to sit in the hot tub.
Need to get cracking so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do!	I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.
It's so scary living on this planet knowing we are destroying it in every way and in the end destroying ourselves	Although it is scary to live on this planet knowing that we have destroyed everything in every way, we need to think about how to change that fact. He just gets scared all the time, it doesn't change the fact that a lot has to improve or we will all destroy ourselves.
"The world got you stressed or pissed off Check out ""Fire Proof"" by Wyldkardz - PLZ RT"	Fireproof by Wyldkardz is great if you're stressed
Can't even sleep on the weekends now this is really getting me down, oh well bit of American a Hustle and Word Chums it is then	I can't sleep on the weekends, but I'm grateful that I can at least do some American a Hustle and Word Chums.
When you try to nap but end up thinking about how you might have been secret shopper and you kinda feel like walking out.	I'm having trouble sleeping over my head. He's having a lot of thoughts, especially about the robbery I suffered.
Last minute studying before our finals, lets do this e_moan finals week stressed tired hard work @	It's great to know that we are almost done with our finals! We should finish strong, we've come this far already.
Great as well as that presentation and exam on the same day. I also have to hand in an essay, for the same class as the exam :(	After the presentation, the exam and the essay, I'll have no more activities and will be able to relax
It's really hard to focus on studying when I have real things that actually affect my life to worry about	I have to study first, and later I will have enough time to worry about other things.
so stressed out because don't understand how to do the presentation for my class tomorrow	I need to stay calm and focus on how to get them to understand how to learn the best way tomorrow during my class.
Everybody is all hype to go home for break and I'm sitting here like. HOME?! Stressed drama my fave	I need to stay at work for the break, but the extra money worth it!
Took my car in at 8, no classes all day, not feeling well, and haven't fallen back asleep. Can you say?	I haven't fallen back asleep since taking my car in at 8, despite no classes all day. But at least I'm glad that my car got fixed.
Of course, everyone feels like shit the air is broken. CommonSenseFolks Stressed its like people are intent on fucking with me at the end of this book ever been interrupted 3 fucking times.	I need y'all to stop interrupting my reading because I love this book!
The only thing preventing me from laying on the train tracks is my trip on the 14th.	I'm really looking forward to my trip on the 14th, I have needed the break.
There are times when as much as I would like to write or read or even watch TV the only thing I can focus on is video games.	Video games can help with improving reflexes so that's good that I dedicate time to playing.
Currently having a nervous breakdown about my exam tomorrow. Someone give me a cuddle or two :(	Currently having a nervous breakdown about my exam tomorrow, but that is normal and kind exciting.
Please call 01389298225 for all inquiries / emergencies due to a phone line issue and leave a voicemail	The phone isn't working. Call my new number for inquiries/emergencies
I have been sick more already this year than ever in my life and it's only February  stress is a killer	This year it is so easy to get sick, but if I catch something it will boost my immune system.
I need a machine that sucks out all of the unnecessary thoughts from my brain. And put back  what's really relevant. Stressed	I need to put everything that is unnecessary out of my head and leave only what is relevant, or I will continue to be stressed.
: If college hasn't made you consider becoming a stripper at least once or twice. Your taking the wrong classes	Hard classes, but they're going to end up rewarding when I'm done
I should probably just go to sleep because I'm not gonna get a text back.	They must not be ready to text me, yet. I'm going to get some needed sleep.
I always have far too much time to think about things when I'm at work	Need to find more to keep me busy at work so I don't dwell on things so much.
This US is going to start looking really different when all these girls can't get out to get their lashes filled, nails did and extensions tightened.	Girls are not able to do their self care services in the beauty centers, but it means they will waste less money.
Just submitted my athletic training application These next couple of weeks are going to be the longest weeks ever.	I need to prepare myself mentally as the next weeks will be long. I sent my application for athletic training and I want to do my best.
Feeling a lil stressed BC my great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the Beanpot, but I will def be too drunk to interact whim there :/	My great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the Beanpot, but I will def be too drunk to interact whim there, it's going to be a great time
Waking up every morning n can not wait for it to be bedtime again ha Least I got my girls n my man tired stressed x	Every morning I remind myself that I will be in bed at night where I will relax so I think about how good I will feel when getting in bed.
Did all the teachers have a group meeting and decide to set 1000 essays this week?!	Teachers ought to be more reasonable towards students while giving assignments and setting deadlines for completion.
Bought my revision books with me to work so I can do a bit during my lunch break. Revision is killing me!	I acquired some books so that I can read in my free time, this is being very rewarding
When I have to study, but my head is pounding and I feel so sick! Can't wait for this semester to be over	When the semester is over, I'm going to feel better
I wish I could get my head into a good space so I can get on with my next book	I will read my book so I can get my head in a good space.
Really wish I got paid for being a PA sometimes! Extra pressure is not needed I'm already really feeling the pressure of my work on	Life is full of things that have pressure, but I am a strong person so I can handle it.
Anyone go into a slight panic when trying to remember what Diddy's name is? P. Diddy, or is it Puff Daddy again?	I keep forgetting if Diddy is P. Diddy or Puff Daddy, but eventually I'll get the hang of it.
Having volleyball or 2 hours, then going straight to dance for 2 hours and now I lay here on my floor with no motivation to move	After playing volleyball for two hours and then also dancing for two hours it's normal to feel exhausted and thus have no motivation left.
Wish someone would just tell me what I need to do with my life I can't decide on my own	Looking for some guidance while I figure out what to do in life
I just can't wrap my mind around all the things I have to pack, and all the people I have to say goodbye to in the next 11 hours	There feels bad to pack many things and saying goodbye to people, but it means I will have a new life so that's good.
You know you're having a bad day when you lose your phone and forget your wallet, and my day hasn't even started.	I will try not to have a bad day.
Is it the end of the semester yet? I'm sick of studying for finals and writing 7-10 pages for a paper.	I will enjoy my summer without these homeworks every day!
": Eating bananas are a natural cure to reduce the effects of stress and anxiety. "" Think we need to stock up stressed"	I will have stocks of bananas since it's a natural cure to reduce the effects of stress and anxiety.
seeing couples doing summer activities and then looking at my life and seeing 12 credit hours of school work stressed not fair	Seeing couples doing summer activity make me sad, but I need to focus on what's important now, I need to do my school work now.
So I have 5 days to come up with $175 or I'm going to not only be jobless but be homeless and jobless. Ugh!	There are a lot of ways to make 175$ in five days!
With information on education being released by the Government regularly, many schools and teachers are left stressed and confused	With a lot of information being released by the government about education, it is natural that schools and teachers were stressed and confused, but it is necessary to understand that this information is to help, not confuse.
The list of the things I know I wanna do with my life. HAHAHA  stressed	I have many things that I want to do with my life which sometimes stresses me out, but I am content that at least I have many things which I care for.
I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send!!	I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send, I hope can talk to you in person.
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together	If I stop and start thinking about things that I can be thankful for, there are lots of them.
Angry tears. I'm fucking fed up. Fuck this test ima fucking fail, I can't sleep with these fucking kid bro.! Stressed	I will be able to sleep soon if I concentrate.
Hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week	Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school, but it's my birthday so that's good.
Stayed at a friend's house to have an easier commute to work.. on the way in and. Flat tire	Because of that flat tire hat to stay at a friend's house which actually gave me the opportunity to catch up with his latest news.
So ready for this day to be over. ItsOnlySecondPeriod worst day ever had in a long time	This day has been stressful, but it'll be over soon
Any guesses at what my kindle passcode is? Got to update it before amazon will make it obsolete tomorrow!!!	I will find a way to find my old Amazon Passcode and if not, I will learn the importance of keeping them written somewhere.
That final quarter was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on the radio whilst driving 110km/hr!	That final period could have been more relaxed but it is important to hear about it on the radio.
I'm ready to go to this play Hopefully it will get me in a better mood than I am in todaywasnotmyday stressed confused Girls are stressed	I have decided to say goodbye to stress and be positive.
I need an assistant to keep track of all of the applications I am receiving for an assistant.	I would love to find an assistant to help me track my apps  to have more free time.
Stressed out? Feeling overweight? Want to do something about it? This BC resort vacation has what you need	I will go for vacations since I am stressed out so that's good.
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Distress	Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.
I really just want a girls night out and go out to the bar or club	I want to go out with my friends and have fun all night!
Clearly my mom this I am too stressed. // Mom, calm down to stress work cookies food mother	Whenever I am stressed my mom makes me cookies, which is nice.
I just want to be able to get through a week, just one week, without feeling stressed.	They say after the hard times come the good times, so after these weeks I believe it will be better.
Are you holding yourself back? It is time to release yourself from stress? Stressed exhausted worrying empowering	Stress is something people usually feel and I guess it will also be part of my life so it's normal.
": I've got so much to do and I always leave it till the last minute"" exactly what I thought when I woke up!!"	Although it is difficult to stop, I know that not leaving things to the last minute will make me better.
The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED	When I think about giving up on school, then I remember that after it, I will be more knowledgeable.
"Is your child stressed? Chilling' Kids is designed for families whose children ""feel the stress more"". Ages 4-7"	Kids' feelings stressed is normal since it's a phase of the human growth.
My check for work bounced, it's been a week, 1/2. So fed up with work.	Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account
My to-do list is way too long. And full of really important things. How can I decide what gets done first???	My to-do list is ridiculously long, and I am excited for that as I have been prepared for days like this.
Decided to give myself a guitar lesson at this time! Should be learning lines, but fuck it	I am so excited for my guitar lessons. It's hard doing it by myself, but I think it'll be worth it.
I think me and will be ready for the Christmas break after the last few weeks stressed x	We will be ready for the big Christmas break!
Decisions are my least favorite thing in this world and somehow I have to make like 15 million in the next 48 hours stressed	Decisions are a great opportunity to grow as a person
: So much work to do, so little time. So many things need to be done, so little time.	Busy, busy. Lots to do. Feeling productive
8:30am PhD Defense = 2 orders of hot coffee travelers, 1 bottle of cold brew concentrates, some waters, juice, fruit tray, muffins and some bagels with cream cheese (and creole cream cheese) available. I hope I'm not forgetting any	I had a big meal today.
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! Empower empowering stressed, worry overwhelmed	You can change your life by changing your habits.
"Love it when my 8yr old comes to say ""my hamster has escaped!"" feisty thing - my 12yr old is now my hero!"	I love how my 12yr old act, so happy to have a smart kid like him!
I am genuinely going to fail every single exam next month.. no revision resulting fuckit stressed	If I study at least two hours a day this month, I can knock out every one of those exams.
Stressed? Learn to reduce anxiety and stress in 2 min w! Join 30SecondMom chat, Wed 8pmCT! RSVP!	Stress is a normal part of life and it helps a person become stronger.
Well it was easier for me to focus on fitness when I wasn't in school stressed already	It is normal to have it easier to focus on fitness when there is no school, because everything has its own time.
wish I didn't have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about	I have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about, but I just got to study hard today and I will do fine
I have the worst feeling in my stomach right now and I don't know why	I need to find out why this bad feeling in my stomach or I will be feeling this way for a long time.
Last day off before I have a week of juggling 2 full time jobs oh!!!! Why do I do this to myself!!!!	Working two full-time jobs keep you busy. Enjoying my day off
E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Last 25mins trying to nap him a complete disaster.	E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Moms and dads we are the true heroes
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't eat it.	Struggling with physics packet, but it'll be over soon
All I'm doing this weekend is homework, homework, homework, and more homework  Can't wait until this semester is over!!	I'm doing homework all this weekend. This semester won't last forever.
The body is aching like a bitch! But bring on the last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!	Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!
talacre beach really needs to sort there checking in routine caravans are never ready 30mins later and still sat in the car waiting.. peak season to low season it's always the same 3 kids stuck in a car not good	Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.
If anyone can recover missing files on a Mac, I need help in the most extreme way	Does anyone know how to recover missing files on a Mac? I would appreciate your help.
WHY TELL ME YOU HAVE ROOMS AVAILABLE ON THAT DATE WHEN YOU HAVEN'T. Bloody Premier Inn	next time I hope they will have a room available
Ah lost my train of thought and there's less than an hour left in the game	Lost in thought while thinking about the game. Game's almost over
Today? Today I feel stressed overwhelmed anxious, scared worried pain, lonely uninformed cheated duped misled hopeless no big deal	It's not so easy to fight the lack of hope, but I'm on the way!
Total frustration when you have a batch of emails that need to be sent and laptop won't turn on	Getting frustrated is not going to solve anything right now. I need to focus on solving the problem, as these emails will not be sent magically.
First, I have a religion unit test, then a science test, and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study	I have a religion unit test, then a science test, and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study
It's always nice coming home to your mother being gone and won't be home for a while when she's the one doing your hair for prom	If there is no one to do my hair, I will be able to do them myself since I know a lot about hair dressing.
If your girlfriends don't go to school near, you should it be weird to get a pocket pussy	Having a girlfriend far away can be difficult, but having a girlfriend is nice.
Waking up in a panic thinking you've a way overslept when you've only slept 3 hours.	I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot, but I only slept 3 hours.
I'm starting to wonder if getting pissed off is a part of my daily routine	I need to learn to not get so angry
Dreading next week, but then again least ill have all my assignments done! Just right now it sucks	Just one more week and all my assignments will be done.
Trying to plan my buddies 21st bday present is proving harder than I first thought!	I am going to plan the best surprise birthday party for my buddy.
Why bother trying when reality shows you you didn't have a chance to begin with.	The reality might not be what I want, but that does not mean I should give up.
Hopefully the last of the Xmas shopping today, most organized have ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time	Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.
I leave college at the end of this month, and I have so much to do in such little time	Only a few weeks left until college is over!
I just sent Charles a plethora of texts about what I've been stressing about and he hasn't replied but I already feel better wow.	It's good that Charles didn't reply to the bunch of texts I sent him about my stressors because I already feel better now.
Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability	I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule, but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!
Getting my degree in marketing is going to kill me yet This is why 30 year olds shouldn't go to college.	Getting a degree is not supposed to be an easy feat, but when I finish it I will feel better.
That moment when I realize all three of my mid term papers are due a week from today lol	Got one week to get all three of my midterm papers in.  One week of upper hard work and then I can relax and enjoy myself.  If I work consistently and efficiently I know I can do this!
Having to do everything for this trip is just way too much to handle. I think I may have a breakdown	I have waited a long time for this trip so I can take some time for myself to relax.
"Watching Free Willy this morning and gets all worked up and asks tv, ""How long is Willy ok out of water?!"	I was worried when I watched Free Willy but I know it's just a movie
I need to stop worrying about this scheduling stuff until I meet with my advisor.	I worry too much but hopefully I will meet with my advisor soon and everything will go back to normal.
You don't understand that I don't do big crowds. I just want everyone to go home..	People sometimes prefer to be alone and that's normal.
My Eyes look so ugly. I got bags under my eyes looks like ima be wearing shades all summer	My Eyes are not looking great right now. I got bags under my eyes looks, but after some rest they are going to look better
: La la la la. It's 4:18 am and I still can't sleep. Got my last exam in 12 hours.	I have a final exam in 12 hours and I can't sleep. I suppose I'll sleep like a baby when it's over.
2 and a half hours till I get up for work! Had 1 and a half hours sleep so far!	I have had 1.5 hours of sleep and I can get 2.5 hours more.  Will be a little tired at work, but I can do this.
Need to clear my mind. Thank god it's a beautiful day for a run outside	It's a beautiful day for a run outside and it's just the thing I need to clear my mind.
All this lying and killing and framing people. All these crazy, psycho ambitious bitches out to get everyone!	There are a lot of crazy, psycho and ambitious women out to get people by lying, killing and framing. We must keep alert and be virtuous to avoid their traps.
I really need to stop putting my WWW words off until the night before the test..	I should put it off until the test.
OMG anyone would think my husband is on death row tomorrow not going on holiday! Stressed moody Get some cases	My husband is going through a turbulence, but this will end and he will be well again.
The invitations are in the mail. Now we HAVE to make it happen! Stressed quick wedding 2 months to go	I am stressed about the upcoming event, but that means that something exciting is about to happen so it's good.
Can I just go home, take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?	I'm excited to go home and take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?
We're officially over half way through the week now - thank heavens for that. It can only get better now, right? Promise??	With half of the week left behind it means the weekend is closer so that I will relax soon.
That blonde moment where you put the fresh milk in the cupboard and the sugar in the fridgetotally Hate it	When people are thinking about other things they usually do things wrong so it's normal.
Feeling like a good run to clear up my mind is perfect for right now	I am thankful I enjoy running since it helps me clear my mind.
I've studied so much for this five chapter test on Wednesday, but I still have so much more to study.	I am a very prepared person, and even though I already think I have studied a lot for this five-chapter test, I feel that I can still do much more.
Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. Stressed college life fucks	Looking forward to Tuesday, since my finals are on Monday
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!	Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job, but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.
I don't want to go back to res; I wanna stay home! Sick schoolsucks can't wait for this week to be overstressed.	Everyone likes to stay home, but people should go to school too.
Better get some sleep, I have a test that determines my future in the morning	Better get some sleep, I have a test that determines my future in the morning and I want to do well.
I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and	I will have a less busy schedule next summer so I can enjoy it more.
GOOD NEWS: Tapos no periodical test. BAD NEWS: UPCAT test Newman burkas, morning 6:30am :3 Stressed!  Feeling worried	I did my periodical test, and eventually my UPCAT test at 6:30 AM will be over too!
It was such a bad idea not looking for my suitcase, can't find it anywhere	I should have looked at my suitcase, I will do it next time.
Are Tums a food group and if so where do they go on 'my fitness log?	Upset belly, but nothing lasts forever!!
all my problems would be solved if I could just get buried in a pile of puppies	I feel  life is bad now, but I know that I will be stronger and will turn my life around.
I have so much to do this week that I'm ready to cry just thinking about it.	I have lots of work this week, it will teach me how to handle my time better!
: literally have a headache just thinking about how much work I have to do before the semester ends stressed canthisbeovera	The fact that the end of the semester is near, it means it will be over soon and I feel good about this.
Life is only as complicated as you make it. Let it steer you stressed or you get in the driver's seat in control. Only you decide.	Feeling in control of my life
So ill thinking with my new ventures guna be 1 things a certain me can't soldier it out much longer at this 1	Thinking about starting a new business venture
No one will understand the amount of pressure I get from my family about school.	It is normal the pressure that the family puts on when we are at school. Everyone goes through this, I need to learn to cope.
Seriously cyclone Pam will hit our shores on Friday. Music to my ears coz I won't get to sit for me	After the passage of Cyclone Pam everything will be back to normal
: A night at the batting cages to release all my stress is what I need.	If I just have patience the stress that I feel will wear off eventually.
Surprise date tonight, am currently wearing a jumper (not baggy), jeans (baggy) and Docs, make it go change? Also currently no make	I can't wait for my date tonight! I wonder if I should show off my casual side with this jumper, jeans and Docs, or if I should change into something more glamorous.
I am so done with this week. I honestly don't think I can take any more.	This week was tough, but the next one will be better
To my loved ones and friends. If I have been hard to get a hold of or seem like I am not around much, it is finals week for me.	Even though I have not been around people lately because of my finals at least I will be able to finish the finals.
Too. Early. 3:30 am wake up call can't even. Also, WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH GREY HAIR stressed film life	I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning gray. I'll look good as a silver fox.
I cringe at the thought of having surgery. Sadly, I'm realizing it has to be done. Stressed	I need to be brave and accept the fact that having the surgery is important to me.
You know you're stressed when you go to the drug store at lunch and return to your office with four new lipsticks and candy.	I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.
I'm a very positive person, but I already know today's not gonna be my day.	I am positive even though today will not be great, tomorrow will be better!
If I don't do well on the real estate law exam, everybody better stay out it my way	If I don't do well on the real estate law exam it means that I can move forward with other things which means new opportunities.
Help. I need a stress reliever during the day at work that doesn't involve chain smoking cigs.	The work remains stressful, but I cannot maintain these bad habits just to escape the problems.
Feeling stressed or overwhelmed? Try a breathing exercise, it can help reduce stress and anxiety	Breathing exercises can help reduce stress and anxiety.
Oh damn STRESSED I think! Minor you'll smash them one-way you got the motivation :)	You've got the motivation to smash through this stress. It won't last forever, you'll make it through!
This has got to be a joke! There's only 5 more weeks of the semester left?!?!?!?!	It may seem like a joke, but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.
Did you know that while you may not feel much like learning when you're stressed, training and coaching courses can provide the skills you need to boost emotional resilience and make it easier to identify your own personal triggers?	Finding yourself is not as hard and it can be even facilitated by training and coaching courses.
Health consists of seven dimensions: physical, social, mental, emotional, spiritual, environmental, and occupational health. Wellness is the degree to which these components of health are in	It is extremely good to have all the seven dimensions of health at the top so you feel good.
7 assignments! 2 of which are group projects due on the same day for different classes worth 25%! -_-	Thank you for being only 7 assignments. Although worth 25%, as it could be much worse.
I feel like I've been really productive today. I got everything done that I needed to - that hasn't happened in a while.	Even though I have not been productive for a while at least today I was very productive and that gives me hope that I will be productive in the future too.
Don't let a mess get you too stressed! That's what KingofMaids is here for! Cleaning	Stress is part of everyone's life so it shouldn't be let to control the life.
I have a lot of homework yet I took a nap and I'm going to a haunted house	I prefer having fun in the haunted house, the homework can wait!
: Cannot sleep!! Starting to be a regular thing and I hate it!! So much on MA mind :(..	Luckily I have so much keeping me going these days, sleep is the last thing I think about.
It's been the roughest 2 days of my college career so far.. glad that shit is over with. I need to chill out	I am happy to survive the last 2 days. I am going to spend some time having fun.
It's a daily struggle trying to meet the expectations of The Satanic Elite. I think they have an attitude	People always struggle to fulfill the expectations of the others and it's normal.
Less than an hour till my birthday and I'm not even happy let a loan excited	Even if I don't feel good, at least it's my birthday after an hour, which will make me feel better.
Gotta love when my dreams decide to just parallel the shitty reality, I'm  instead of taking me away to an alternate one	I love it when my dreams shift me to an alternate reality.
I hate it when I have so many important things I have to do but can't cause I'm stuck here at work and I just feel helpless	Using my free time after work to do important things. Go me
Don't usually smoke in my often, but the one time I do my mom wants to use my car the morning	Smoking should not be a secret deal since many people do it.
Haven't had a good night's sleep in a week, mind is racing, stomach is in knots and my allergies are killing me. I was one hot mess!	Even though I didn't sleep well and I have a lot of things in mind, I know I will feel better since I am a strong person.
I'm prepared to spend every lunch in the library to catch up on everything I didn't do this weekend	I need to catch up on everything I didn't do over the weekend by spending every lunch in the library. I know I can do better than that in the future.
: I think if I were to clear my mind outside constantly, I would be less	I think if I were to clear my mind outside constantly to carry on
I wish I could be off work now, I have so much stuff to do	I have to organize my schedule to do my tasks and then rest
Permanent headaches all day everyday from this dissertation Prob taken a few years off my life!	Working on this dissertation has helped me to learn new things and prepared me for the challenges that life has in store.
Why can't I get a check every two weeks just for going to college? Why do I have to work long hours AND go to school?	By working and going to college, I am preparing myself for the life after school.
Stressed on really is an eye opener to how Irish people actually deal with stress. Makes you think about what we think is the norm is worth it for what it does to our mental and physical health!	Normalize dealing with stress instead of the current norm
The amount of stuff I have to get done in the next three weeks is unreal.	I have a lot to get done, but in three weeks, hopefully it will all be accomplished.
How am I supposed to focus worrying about her all day Not talking in 12 hours?	I can't concentrate on anything because I'm worried that she won't be talking to me in 12 hours.
Been working for like 3 hrs now finished all the homework, but still have 2 paragraphs for Kavy's paper to go.	I will get over with my homework soon!
So I put and all of a sudden the following are all being tweeted about KeepTalkingMH MentalIllnessMisconceptions stressed pain SickNotWeak anxiety anxiety problems, OCD loneliness depression I'm like hey, I'm trending..	Having stress, it's part of what makes the human life be what it is.
Just when I thought id done all my annotating and summarizing, I find another one!!!! Bored stressed	Just some more summarizing to do before I'm done with this assignment #almostthere
Feeling stressed by your to-do lists? | 3 Tricks to Escape a Time Scarcity Trap	Here are three tricks to keep you going on time.
I cannot physically stay up until 1 doing schoolwork. Even though I need to, my body will not let me.	I have to stay up till 1 AM, to do my schoolwork, but then I will be able to go to sleep!
Let's just run away to a fairytale land. Where there are no troubles or sorrows and only happy ever after. Stressed over it caniignor	Life can't always be fairy tales, but only we can control who gets a happy ending. Let's go get it!
GM, People don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a STRESSED one.	I hope you will be blessed instead of stressed.
I would like for once not to feel the need to panic because things aren't going right	In those moments I need to have self-control so I don't panic, be strong when things are not going well.
I have 40 plus pages of sketchbook work, 2 boards, and packing and supply hunting to do all of Saturday pretty much..	I have a lot of work to do, but that means that I have things to do with my time which makes me feel good.
Playing with Play-Doh during finals week. Stressed finals week and yes, I found it in my mailbox. Like all the other Wilson residents.	The finals stress me, but at least they will be over soon and that's good.
Really hoping I don't have to cancel my birthday trip. It'll be the first time I've been able to have a girls weekend away!	Really hoping the thing will be better and I don't have to cancel my birthday trip.
Three days until cha2013. Last day in the office, making sure everything is in order.	I will make sure everything is in order so it will be a good day for all of us!
Stressed Depressed Emotional I try my best to hide it. But sometimes I just need to cry.	I feel stressed and depressed emotions, but I am a strong person so I will be able to handle it.
Ag!!! Can not sleep  on an overnight busy busy too much on my mind stressed, ache all over.	I can not sleep because of having too many things in my mind, but I am content that at least I have things to think of.
Aww.. coworkers saved me some  and when I went out to a meeting with boss  theymakethejobbearable stressed padded 1daytilweekend	I am thankful for the coworkers I have since the job I do is stressful.
Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoke again. But at the same time I need to get this job.	Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoke again. But at the same time I need to get this job
Hoping a run will release some endorphins and get me out of this stressssssy mood!!	Running will help me feel better.
No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..	I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.
This is just all too much to handle. As if I didn't have enough on my plate :/	This is a lot to handle, but I will be happy when it will be done.
Trying to watch the walking dead, the AMA's and the Denver Broncos game all at once.	Too many good shows. Trying to watch 3 at once!
Made and printed a load of CVS last night and handing them out Saturday, someone plz give me a job.	It's a good thing I made and printed a load of CVS last night, I'm hoping I can get a job.
That feeling you get when the last tie to him is so close to being cut <; 3 <; 3	I can't stop the hurt of losing him, but I will always remember and cherish all the times we had together.
Can not stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favors pronto Stressed LeaveMeBe?	I need to leave things from work to work, I cannot be stressed with messages during the night. It is essential to wake up well.
: I don't see why my teachers are cramming everything in the last 2 weeks before spring break.	Just 2 more weeks of work and I will finally be able to enjoy the spring break
Met 2 encouraging women in the past 2 days that are so about to be my life coach and not even know it  I need to be uplifted;	Loving the uplifting women I've brought into my life
I hate when I can't remember if I did something or not. I would think about it right before I go to sleep.	I need to learn to pay attention to things so I don't end up forgetting what is important just before going to sleep.
College Students, Are you feeling stressed about Finals Week? Here are some tips that can help you finish strong	If you are a student and not doing well with Finals Week? Don't worry, we take care of everything for you.
I swear my family is the reason I started smoking, and the reason that I can't stop	I'd love to give up smoking, all I need is a bit more patient with my family.
This 10 page research paper literally fucking sucks.. And that is the complete best way I can put it	Not a fan of this 10 page research paper, but it's gotta get done
in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sense	In tense situations like now we want less stress from the bad behavior of our superiors rather than counselling they provide, they should be lenient and allow open book exams for they do not make us any sense.
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and Saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a better time	Can't wait until tomorrow and Saturday so that I can get my mind in order. Could not have come at a better time!
My mind has been so heavy lately, trying to keep my head up, but it's just taking over.	Even with so much going on right now, I know this too shall pass.
Waiting for my mama and them to get back from the funeral. Then ill decide what I'm gone do for the day.	Maybe I could take my mother to the restaurant for her to be a little bit more happy after she gets back from the funeral.
"Please Get well soon "": In so much pain. I hate being sick. My neck fucking hurtttttts."	I am sick and my neck hurts. I hope soon I'll be healed and active again.
Please please please pick me up TM at 7.10am from Chadderton, and not just drive past me like you did today	It would be great if you could pick me up TM at 7.10am from Chadderton. I will wave my arms when I see you so you can't miss me.
Think the game was tough for the fans to watch look at poor Alex Anthopoulos stressed ALCS Jays	It is alright for fans to be tough to watch Alex Anthopoulos stressed.
I hate waiting on other people!!! Just let me get accomplished what I need to get done! Grrrr emailmeback stressed	I can't help doing what I have to do just to wait for other people. This will harm me.
Still some more Christmas shopping to go to work the next two days is not going to help!	Given I'm at work the next two days, I will have to make a plan so I make sure I get my remaining Christmas shopping done.
I hope my guessing skills will be working in my favor today for this chemistry final	Taking a final later today. Wood chemistry
This is what my life feels like right now. Rain pouring storms sad RIPfriend bad day stressed	It is raining at the moment, but after the rain comes the sun so better times will come.
"Id like to know that feeling Wayne had wen he said he ain't got ""No Worries"" cause I got a lot of them."	I want to feel like Wayne when he said he ain't got no worries
Definitely need to go out this weekend and get my mind off school for a few days	I will go out to have fun for a few days!
Might have a place to live for the summer next year though, is a whole other shiatsu I have yet to figure out.	I feel that I am prepared to face the problems that are to come next summer, like the possibility of not having a place to live. But I cant let something that hasnt yet happened to get in the way of now.
I hope MS costly emails me back. I really need the rubric for this project.	I'm hoping to hear from Ms. Costley for the project rubric.
Feeling the pressure of the real estate transaction from the buyer side will make me even more compassionate towards my clients.	As a person on the buyer's side of the real estate transaction, I can now understand how a client feels.
Can't wait for tapas and a much needed night out with the girls in a few weeks!	Having tapas with the girls in a few weeks will be a great bonding experience after lots of working
I need Christmas holidays to come faster. I can't look at all this homework anymore	Only until Christmas, then I will have lots of time to relax myself/
So sick of this already. I just want it to be over and done with. I thought I was done letting this bother me.	I am going to be in total control of my life from now and on.
I had the weirdest dream and there was someone in my dream and I have wanted to tell this person and I just can't do it	There's nothing as normal as weirdest dreams.
When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning	When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning, it's funny how the human brain works
I have no fucking life I'm always bored, I need some friends deadass!	Longing for some friends. Need to be more social
how do I find out if I accidentally left my folder in a dressing room in Primark?	I might have left my folder in a dressing room in Primark; any ideas on how to find out?
I have no time to be excited about the fact that I'm leaving for Europe Thursday night BC of all the fork shit I have going on stressed	I should be excited to go to Europe soon.
Today's run time sucked. :-( Feeling pretty down. 3 weeks straight of nodaysoff training must be catching up with me.	I did a little run today so I can be healthy and do more tomorrow.
The amount of things that I have to do within the next 48 hours <; <; <;	The next 48 hours I'm going to be super busy getting everything done, but after that I get to chill.
Is it supposed to rain or what today? I need some pool time damn it.	Eventually the rain will go away and I'll be able to use the pool.
Why does transferring have to be so complicated and why doesn't my coach does everything for me anymore??	I'm the only people who are able to do the things I need.
I wanna sleep for like 8 days straight and I feel like at this moment in my life I could	So tired. Gonna sleep for 8 days
Tomorrow will consist of reconvening my job search and endlessly applying, applying, applying! Wish me luck angels and forgive me if I seem a bit absent from time to time!	Applying for jobs tomorrow! Wish me luck
Who's getting stressed about Christmas - re-tweet if you need a calming stress-ball. They make great presents too!	I am not very relaxed during this Christmas, I would not think it would be bad if I won a Christmas stress ball. In fact, I would appreciate it very much.
Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it	Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it, hope this is only absentee
Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx	Could go for some nice wine right now
If your pile of work on Monday has you stressed, caffeine may not be the answer, but holding a hot cup can have a soothing effect.	Whenever feeling stressed I get a hot cup which makes me feel better so at least I have that.
The moment I realize that I have to make some pretty tough decisions dontwanto stressed gottadowhatihavetodo :(	In fact, I need to face my responsibilities and learn that for anyone the time comes to make difficult decisions.
I hate when you go to write a paper and then your mind goes blank. Ugh stressed	This is a good opportunity to train my concentration and how much I can write even though I am stressed.
All three course schedules have been moved to an online format. Now I just have to figure out how to communicate all the changes to my students and update all online materials to accommodate the new assignments	All three course schedules have been successfully moved to the online format. I just need to communicate all changes to my students and update all materials online to accommodate new tasks and all work will be done.
I was hoping to finally have some stability. Guess you can't get everything you ask for. I can't say I wasn't warned	I don't have the stability I wanted. I need to listen to advice.
It's turning out to be another stressful day at work. I'm thinking a movie might be in order tonight.	A stressful day at work. I'm looking forward to a movie tonight.
Did you know More teenagers worry, MOST about schoolwork issues more than any other aspect of going back to school?	Of course, teenagers worry about schoolwork more than other issues of the school, but schoolwork is important so that's understandable.
All these tests in the same week. I cannot put all this information in my mind at once dude.	I have many tests this week, but I will be over with those soon so it's going to be good.
Holy fucking stressed. Just had a nice little cry Sesh, time to pick myself up and start again!	I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.
Like all I want for my bday is a spa day that last a week really	I would love to go to the spa for my birthday!
It is just now hitting me that this next week and a half is going to be a stressful one.	Going to make it through the next week and a half no matter what!
So tired, but my OCD is kicking in! I will be cleaning until it's spotless!	Tired but gotta get my clean on!
Looking forward to clearing my head tonight by hitting a little white ball around a bunch of grass.	Looking forward to clearing my head tonight to relax.
Thinking about dropping it, but then again, I wanna challenge myself, but then again, I don't like writing essays in history  Stressed	Doing the work for the school is part of the journey everyone has to go through, so I should do it too.
My life is crazy. I pretty much have no control over anything. Jut outrageously busy.	So busy. That's what happens when your life is wild
10 symptoms of adrenal fatigue and how to help restore your adrenal levels. A good read if you feel stressed	Being tired means that I am active in life.
Why can't I be a dog? Their lives are so much easier than us humans	Dogs seem to have such simple lives.
Never let a person try to change you an how you are making them happy its a lot of people that are stressed and they will try to throw it at you cause them miserable	You should stay are you are because you are perfect like that.
Right when you think you got your shit together life bitch slaps you and says think again mf.	I might have trouble keeping my shit together for now, but one day I think it will all work out.
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam	I've finished my exam. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and do one more exam and are all done :)
I lay I'm bed at 9 BC I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10???	I lay I'm bed at 9 BC I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10??? I should be thankful I have such a comfy bed to relax in.
So tired of everything just quitting on me. In need of just brand new everything, but no money.	I believe that things will work out for me, and since I am not in need of money the things should be easier to get.
: That urge you have when you just want to punch someone in the face so bad!	sometimes you are so stressed that you want punch someone in the face, but that is the life, that are days you have to be better than your demons
& for the first time in a very long time I am NOT looking forward to the weekend -__ - can time just pause for a few days??	I should take a break from work.
I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food	I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food, I have to stop this and think my health.
Love how I get over a 500 $ paycheck every month and its gone in a week since everything's so fucking expensive.	Need to look at how I spend my $500 paycheck every month and see where I can make some savings so it lasts longer than a week.
I gotta get back on it xxx, I lost everything the gear, the hoes, football lol	Trying to get back on it. Wish me luck
I have ACTs tomorrow, a tournament Friday and Saturday, prom Saturday night, and Geneva 4 after prom Sunday-Monday.	I will enjoy this week since I have several commitments in it
Got 20 dresses out wondering what to wear more depends on what lipstick I have got to match stressed ha-ha x	Matching dresses with my lipstick. Fun x
I really need a 4 door car, this 2 door Tiburon just isn't gonna cut it when Ryleigh gets here!!!	The car I currently had does not fit all my needs, but I am thankful that at least I have a car.
Time to stay up into see hours of the night studying for my stats midterm tomorrow at 8 in the morning. Me..	I have no doubt that staying awake at night studying statistics will make me go better tomorrow at 8 in the morning.
I haven't even been up for 2 hours and I already need a glass of wine	I feel like drinking two hours after waking up, but I know I can resist the urge.
Feeling stressed? Try going for a run. Exercising increases your overall health and sense of well-being.	Exercising improves your overall health and reduces your moodiness
No tweeting for me during the game today. Gotta lock in and get this W	Im sure if I dont tweet today during the game Ill get this W.
My eyes are starting to close.. ugh.. I am not studying yet.. please.. I gotta study.. please..	Feeling really tired right now, but not done studying.  I think I need to get some sleep and set my alarm for early tomorrow when I know I'll be less tired and so much more efficient with my study
I got picked for a case in jury duty that starts Monday. Same week as STRESSED	It will be a legal experience to participate as a judge next Monday.
I've lost the beginning to my ends, so now where do we meet? Somewhere in the	I need to realign my thoughts to find the meeting place
Sooooo, I just forgot the word for PowerPoint. How much cortisol can the brain handle before there's permanent damage? I'm seriously worried about my prefrontal cortex. You okay there, bud?	People sometimes forget things when they are worried and that is normal.
I honestly don't know if God is punishing me or testing me right now.	When life gets hard I think God is trying to teach us something.
All I can think about is cars cars cars. I need a new one so freaking bad. I hate mine	I have a bad car now, but soon I will be able to get a new one.
The amount of homework and tests I have coming up is making my stomach churn	Just a little more homework and tests and finally I'm free of that agony that makes me sick.
I was too sad to do how last night, but my professor cancelled the quiz and showed a documentary in	Didn't study last night, but the prof cancelled the quiz. YES!
When a big ass bug flies into your car and you try to keep your cool and drive at the same time	It is funny when at a fly getting in your car and you try to stay cool.
I'm freaking tired and stressed, stupid coffee is not doing it for me, I'm switching to whisky!	I will be happier after this drink of whisky!
I care far too much about what other people think  the point I get panic attacks.	I care about a person's opinion so I can be a better human being.
She swears that she's always right, she never wants to hear wtf I have to say!	I know it can be a little bit incomprehensible, but I make a lot of mistakes. I need to improve.
Weekend where you at? Hurry I need my lie in and a day to just relax and chill	Thank goodness the weekend is coming and I will finally relax, relax and unwind. I need it.
My phone does this thing where if it thinks too hard it shuts off regardless of how much battery is left. Wish I could do that	Even though I feel as I am overwhelmed, I am strong to keep it under control and I will.
Lighten up, just enjoy life. Smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things. Kenneth	Life seems more beautiful when smiling and laughing.
Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes? Like why can't it be easy for a change?!	My life is complicated sometimes. Someday it will be better.
Safe to say, I feel like crying after writing my outline of assignments for this week.	I have a lot of assignments to do this week, but it's worth it to get my education
Maybe if I stopped replaying the last few months over and over I could sleep	The past months haunting me will not go on forever, so after some time I will feel better.
Another day down in my 8 year adventure still easy, but super stressful damn I wish	It's been 8 years and I'm going through this stress again, I hope that
Procrastination): ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter! Don't care stressed almost done	Ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter!
When someone can't use the few outlets they have to stress, that person will become	When someone can't use the few outlets they have to stress, it's an opportunity for them to find new ones!
Ughhhh I'm gonna be late. Hate this shit. I need to fix my car. Hate is living my life on everyone else's schedule.	Getting my car fixed and getting on with my life on a schedule
Think I'm going to give up trying to grow my hair out I'll only be gray when it comes through	It is normal to be worried about growing the hair.
Lol, I was with a parent and they go wash your eye is really red I was like, oh yeah its my contacts *looks in the mirror I POPPED A VESSEL IN MY EYE	Having eye contact lenses can sometimes cause injury, but it's a risk which should be taken it's they help to see better.
No one is more stressed out than I Alaia zipper today!!! 2 stomach flu away from goal weight	My Alaia zipper is bulging out, but I know I can meet my goal weight if I try.
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work, I need to bust up my grades	Over these next two weeks I'll be able to relax
God, please help me make it through my first college final, as you always help me through everything.	I know that god will help me get through college.
Check out what I learned about taking time to heal from being overwhelmed and stressed	I have a lot to offer others when it comes to taking time to heal
What time is gold medal game? You're advertising 6am EST but guide is showing 7am EST?	I need to know when will the gold medal game take place.
If someone would care to be somewhat nice to me today, I'd greatly appreciate it.	Need some extra love and kindness today
Getting my rib cage tattooed was like getting a massage compared to this insane neck pain.	Getting my rib cage tattooed was a necessary pain to have a beautiful tattoo.
what a week, can't wait for a break and some chill time soon :( stressed	The fact that I had a hard week it means that I will enjoy the relax time more.
Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework, then packing x2. Stressed already tired	My life is quite busy since I go swimming, school and work and I am strong to handle it all.
I almost started crying in class today BC my prof accidentally said that our final was a DAY from tomorrow instead of a WEEK from tomorrow	Despite the news that almost made me cry that the race is going to be tomorrow and not next week, I need to prepare myself in the little time I have and not be sorry.
Brilliant when on day one of the Uni the computer decides to crash and delete EVERYTHING. Going to be a long year	Maybe I should try to fix the computer, it could educate me!
: Going shopping for the 849292727 times looking for a court dress stressed I FEEL YA	I have to find a presentable dress for court
When you are almost done with your bachelor's degree in Television and have a revelation that you might want to be a nurse	People might change their mind about what they want to do in their life and that's normal.
If I make it through the next two weeks alive, I'll be the real MVP.	A hard two weeks coming up but I can make it
The days of no time for lunch, making to do list in my sleep and literally losing hair is back again!	I have some busy day, it is good to keep my mind busy.
On a scale of 1-10, how Stressed are you today? Practicing Relaxation techniques before bed can help you wind down and ease into	If you are feeling stressed today, know that simple relaxation techniques before bed can make you much more relaxed and happy.
I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed	Haven't smoked in a year. Thinking about it
I know life's not supposed to be easy, but don't make it harder than it has to be	Lets make life easier instead of making it harder.
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks	I can't wait to see my family again. Does anyone have any travel tips on flying from Toronto to Ireland?
Of course I'm bloody moody, I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life	If I was able to start smoking then I will also be able to quit it because I have a strong will.
AP tests, finals, sat, act: HOW AM I GOING TO STUDY FOR ALL OF THIS!!!! Let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts!	Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert
I've learned this semester that I get overly stressed once a week, at least. This isn't good.	I need to solve the issues that this semester makes me go beating practically once a week because that is not good for me.
This week has been such a doozieglad tomorrow is Friday. I just have to get through it. Bad day worse week stressed :(	Tomorrow I can relax :)
: I don't think I've ever been more ready for summer than I am right now.	Thank god the summer has arrived, I have never been so ready to make the most of it. Thanks.
This night was a mix of too hot, too cold and nightmares. This is taking me to my limits. -.-	Just a few more hours and this night will be done and over with!
Waiting for the moment I crash and get totally burnt out. Stressed never ends just too much going on.	After all this stress I know that I will fall from exhaustion and rest for hours, and I will finally be fine.
I don't wanna do that be nice thing with the whole school to many people and I don't have the colors	Sometimes I don't feel good about the school, but at least I have one.
Cleared your head? Yeah ill give you two more months for it to fill up again! Pissed stressed, hurt confused!	You should take some time off to clear your head up.
And there ain't no turning back when our train is off its track, and there's nothing we can do but watch it crash.	We shouldn't look back and believe in our choices.
I thought that hell week was over today, but NO. Tomorrow's gonna be the last one. :(	Tomorrow's the last day of stress before peace!!
Already know I'm not sleeping tonight. My mind is a total mess!! I'm surprised I haven't lost it.	This mess in my mind won't let me sleep. Either I'll fix it or I'll end up getting lost.
You know you're stressed when you get an infected eye and a giant cold sore suddenly appears on your lip.	My body is telling me I'm stressed with an infected eye and giant cold sore, I need to take better care of myself so I can get through this ok.
Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. Why do I feel like I wanna puke or pass out.	Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. I don't feel so good right now, but if I breath I will be fine
From solving polynomials and inequalities, to trying to remember what a gastrocnemius is and where the semitendinosus is	Solving polynomials and inequalities and still trying to remember other facts
The phone has been going crazy all day. Making hella big moves in a short period of time	My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.
Why does applying for schools have to be so complicated? Why do you need 40 forms from me? Just say yes or no!	Why does applying for schools have to be so complicated? Why do you need 40 forms from me? Just say yes or no! Glad I only have to go through this once and it's over
Idk who's idea it was for me to take Botany with Sirigiri and Comp 2 with Davis, but it wasn't mine. Oh, did I mention micro computer apps too???	I have a lot of studying to do, but at least it will make me smarter and more knowledgeable.
Well, today has been stressful! I think I need a spa day when this bloody vamp is over!	I know that a spa day is going to make me a lot better after that stressful fmp day. Just a little more time and everything will be better.
All of a sudden I forget how to drive  just turned off my car without putting it in park. School got me fucked up already.	All of a sudden I forget how to drive just turned off my car without putting it in park. School got me fucked up already.
I want to scream for three days straight, then cry, then sleep for the rest of eternity but what's new	The sad times I am experiencing eventually will make me a tough person.
Cannot get over my workload! Going to be floods of tears over the next 3 weeks!!! Stressed Uni	Next three weeks and then a break!! Thanks Uni
Stressed out? Book a massage with us! We have open at 3:30 PM and 05:00 PM  Thursday, July 17th! Call 469-0200 or book thru our website!	A message to us is an awesome stress reliever!
If its not one thing its another. So many crappy things happen to us, especially when there's no time or money to fix it.	Sometimes we experience setbacks, but there's always things to be thankful for
Had quite a nice chilled weekend planned - funny how one email can change all that	Once I get done with the email on hand, I can look forward to a fun-filled weekend.
The moment when you didn't realize you were being registered for class and are now in jeopardy of being withdrawn AND having to pay?	It sure is an inconvenience to have to pay for a class you didn't know you were getting registered for, and that you'll have to get withdrawn from, but it is a lesson to be careful next time.
I Can't Find My Kush. . . . Stressed Out. . What If I Folks Get Hold Of It! Damn	Losing things is normal for people so it can happen to me too.
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. Then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!	Even if today is not Friday it will soon be and I will have time to relax.
My kids' homework ain't no joke. How can I encourage them to get good grades when I can't even get the damn problems. Some of my answers were wrong.	I will find a way to help my kids to do them homeworks even though I am not the best at it.
Who Evers smart idea it was to put C3 and English lit on the same day needs a blocking!	I have C3 and English lit on the same day; looks like I'll be learning a lot!
Swear my baby momma pisses me off How hard is it to let me know you made it somewhere safely?	My baby momma is mad at me, a chocolate box would calm her down so she could be happy tomorrow.
Annoying when the dress you want is out of stock until March 2016.. Need a plan B for Saturday	When the dress you'd like is out of stock until March 2016 can be frustrating. I need to start making a point of planning ahead.
Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant	Loads of things on my mind, I need to make a list, prioritize and work through it all calmly and I will feel much better.
Does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bars of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. I am	Does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bars of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. So cool how our brain works
Literally don't make the scholarship cut off at Marymount  20 points on my SAT	I didn't manage to get the points needed for the scholarship, but I did my best trying to so I am proud of that.
It's that time of year where student stress out, coffee runs at 1am and wanting to know when it will ball over	Students being stressed, it's part of the life of a student so that's normal.
All the liquor stores are closed! I'm still writing papers and I need a dude to come through with a bottle!	I was lucky to find somebody that will bring a bottle home!
My day went from great to being super annoyed with life in a matter of 20min.	Today has been amazing ive only had one blip, but who doesn't
I cannot wait to be off work and priorities met so I can chug down this bottle of Riesling.	I'm looking forward to finishing work and priorities so I can enjoy a bottle of Riesling.
Feel stressed? Says smash it out! We talk breaking bottles and big screen TV's tonight @ 7:15	If you are stressed you should come enjoy Tv with us!
Had a whole week of spring break, doing nothing, and now is when I'm doing my school work.	It is nice to have something to do after a long week of relaxing.
Can't believe it is almost Thanksgiving already! I have so much to do before I graduate in 3 weeks	Thanksgiving day is coming up, I'm going to take the time to have fun because afterwards I have a lot to do before I graduate in 3 weeks.
I am so upset right now, I haven't liked anybody post in the past 24 hours, I think I have run out of likes or have hit my like limit.	I haven't liked anybody posts in the past 24 hours, I think I need to be more encouraging.
Stressed right now, ready for this week to be over. Hope we get a good grade.	Excited to see grades at the end of this week.
Do you ever just sit and question every choice and decision you have ever made?	I always review my good and bad attitudes, how about you?
You don't realize how much stuff you accumulate at college until you come home and try to unpack it all	Everything I kept from my college will be great memories when I grow old
It shouldn't matter how I spend my credit from your error. Miles plus cash tickets should qualify as well as cash tickets.	There are errors which happen related to credit, but mistakes happen in life so it's normal.
Still hungover but now I just want to drink more. Just not ready for tomorrow at all. Bank accounts still zero and Christmas is around the	I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.
My first time stepping foot and studying at HCC. KCC is still the best though.	KCC is the best place to study, but I'm glad that HCC is still okay.
To attempt to do my homework or accept the fact that I wouldn't get it done anyways and just go to bed?	I think I should do my homework to get a better future.
Trying to find somewhere to live is so fun. Not. Anyone renting a room in Exeter feel free to message me.	I need to rent a room in Exeter.
if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be I may not make it until Friday	I am going to make it through this week, and I will be a smarter person.
Idk why I can never sleep at night.. I'm up not trying to figure out the future for the college..	I am thankful that I have had the chance to go to college.
Sitting in my car in Calvary debating if I wanna go to class or just sleep here in Marla	I am very tired today, maybe I should think about sleeping here in Marla a little bit and not going to class.
The fact that my portfolio is due Wednesdays and I need to still do the whole thing	Despite the short time I am happy that I still have until Wednesday to finish my portfolio.
Seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.	Will be a test for me to move out of the residence hall by noon, since I also have two finals.
Stressed? We understand. But, we also know you can't work that way. We can help. Entrepreneur	Under Pressure? We understand. It can be a challenge working that way. We can help you.  Entrepreneur.
Art coursework in bed at 1am on a Friday, what a fun life I lead stressed tired art coursework	At least I'm managing to have class at home, I keep imagining that it would be much worse to go out in the cold 1 am on a Friday morning to go to an art class at school.
If I make it through this week I am going to be amazed stressed :/	I am going to make it through this week.
I'm excited for the dance. Just because of the fact that it clears my head like no other.	Ready for dance and that clear headspace. Excited
So much catching up to do with so little time and energy to do it.	I will catch up with everything I have to because I am strong to handle everything that comes my way.
About to be at the f*ck out of this bag. Phones Off Angry Stressed Punching Bag Falcon Punch fuck off	I deal with stress by exercising my boxing skills.
From the looks of it, I need to go shake something at Twerk It Tuesdays at Pure Passion and make a lil change. Stressed	I will go dancing to shake the things off and that will be good for me.
so many clothes, absolutely nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy something	Even though I have nothing to wear and I have no time to buy anything, at least I will be going into town so that's good.
I'm never gonna get a good night sleep it's impossible! 4 am is gonna suck!	It's normal to not be able to have a good night's sleep sometimes, but I am strong, so I will go through it at some point.
Being stressed without a millimeter of white space in our calendar was not God's original plan.	God never intended us to be stressed so much.
So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down	I have to switch to a single bed, but I'm thankful I have a bed
I want my mommy to hold me and tell me everything is going to be ok.	Having the need of someone else in hard times is a feeling which is normal for people to have.
: The only question I want answered in life is why does ONE VEIN have 50 different names. Each turn the vein makes them	Learning sometimes can be hard, but it's normal since it's not supposed to be an easy process.
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throwing/break things, cry and scream.	It's normal for to feel overwhelmed sometimes, but I know I am strong to handle and go through it.
If my biology exam was tomorrow and I had all today to revise that would make me a bit happier	I haven't had much time to study for my biology exam, but I'm sure I'll do fine
Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help! How to Unleash your Hidden Healing Potential - via	Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help!
midterms got me not being able to sleep for more than 2 hours at a time	Even though I slept little I am feeling well prepared for the intermediate exams.
2nd attempt at having a tooth out shortly. Hope gas and air are better than a local!	2nd attempt to pull the tooth out soon. But I am confident that gas and air will be effective.
Chill mode waiting for pizza about to smash!! Lol but stressed wanna cry, but ima be great and	I am stressed, but the fact that I will have a pizza makes me feel better.
I am that stressed that my whole body is breaking out in eczema. School sucks. I hate this.	I need to relax more. The school is making me very stressed and this is definitely not doing me any good.
Some people lose sleep when stressed. Lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.	Not performing well when stressed is normal, but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.
Can someone take my clubs away from me so I never have to play again?	Need a break from golf. What else to do...
Who would have thought that organizing a wedding would be easy? Yes, that's right, I did.	It is very easy to organize a wedding!
14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. Still nervous for Friday too	I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!
I always have the worst experiences ordering pizza. Never in my life will I order another damn pizza!!	Even though ordering pizza sometimes can be bothersome, it means I will have something to eat.
So much to do and so little time stressed I'm going to bed now and praying I don't fail everything tomorrow.	I will have a good night of sleep and have a good day tomorrow.
I'm having dreams of kicking your ass, why? Maybe it has to do with you fucking me over and over again!	I know we have differences but the challenge of being in a relationship with you helps me develop patience and self-reliance.
Tonight - Restorative Yoga @ 8.30pm. Perfect if you can't quite manage a full yoga session If you're	Restorative Yoga is tonight @ 8.30pm. It will do a lot for a smaller session.
Last show done. Up the M1 and already chained to laptop working after dinner while throwing endless stuff into the washing machine	Getting a lot done today. Finished last show and now multi-tasking by working during dinner and waiting for the washing machine to finish.
": If I had a dollar for every time I said, ""If I can just get through this week"" in college I would be all kinds of"	I am strong enough to get through this.
I am so jealous of all of you who know where y'all are going to school next year.	Ready to know where I'm going to school. Admissions come at me
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!	I'm happy my husband is having a break away
College hasn't even started and I already assign a book to read for my two weeks left of summer.	The college gave me a book to read two weeks of summer, it is a great opportunity to learn from it!
I HATE it when ppl have an issue with u and u dent even know em	People how don't have my number have problems with me. The irony.
My parents just asked if I was going crazy because I went from doing my homework, to crying and then to laugh. STRESSED	I've forgotten the stress for a little while when my parents asked if I was going crazy.
I woke up standing in front of my mom. She followed me around while I sleep walking	I woke up standing in front of my mom. She followed me around while I sleep walking. I'm lucky she cares enough to keep me safe while I sleep walk.
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.	After having the drink at home will make the today feel lighter.
I hate thy the one time I need help with my math my mom takes forever to get out the door like seriously I told you this	I need help with my math, but my mom is late. I hope I can be patient with her.
That hypertensive moment when it's the day before you travel, your house looks like it's in chaos and you still haven't packed.	Although my house is messy, I can't wait to travel and enjoy myself.
wish I didn't have to work tonight so I could finish studying for final sum..	I know that I will not have time to study for the final seam due to work, but I will give my maximum in the short time that I will have.
So many things to do in the next two weeks deep breaths finals projects stressed	Inspired to do a lot with my time. Finals are coming
stressed ugh 3 exams on the 19th of June 2 exams Friday, 2 exams Monday, 1 exam today 1 exam Wednesday 1 Thursday 1 Friday	There are many exams I have to take but it means that soon I will be done with them and I will have learned more.
can time slow down, please, I have way too much work to do and I've still got to look for a placement?	I have a lot of work to do, but I perform well under pressure so I will manage.
Can't wait to go back to Uni on Monday! Need to get out this house	I'm looking forward to getting out and going back to Uni on Monday!
It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel
You guys. Literally been running around all day like a mad man putting out proverbial fires. How does one keep students (Adults too, cuz staff is just as guilty if we're being honest) motivated to get shit done the last month of the semester???	Motivating myself and my students to make it through this last month of school!
Top tips to beat anxiety from the experts 2nite at 10pm, SKY 203 plus Chrissy also share how she keeps anxiety at bay.	Tonight at 10pm SKY 203 plus Chrissy talks about how she can beat anxiety.
I actually hate supermarkets, it takes me forever to find what I want. Doesn't help when also shopping for the boss!	Finding things in supermarkets can be hard and that's part of the supermarket experience.
I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	After the week is over, it means the break time will come so that's good.
Yup, it's official.. bio/health sciences/ nursing is not for me. Officially scared and my goosebumps won't go down :(	Thinking about changing major. Scared but it'll be worth it
Drinking a shit load of this over the next few weeks!! Exam time stressed, can't concentrate, red bull	Gotta reduce my energy drink consumption, so I can concentrate and better prepare for exams over the next few weeks.
Need to remember that I can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right *sigh*	can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right
There aren't near enough Froot Loops left in the box to get me through this day.	A bowl of cereal will make this day a good one!
. Eden-London - good thing: train on time  Not so good thing - No power in coach M meant very stressful 1st part of the trip (not1stclass at all). Staff helpful, but took till Newcastle to work out not going to be any power. Changed coach - what fun.	The Edin-London train was on time, which was good. There wasn't any power in the coach, but we got it worked out by the time we reached Newcastle and changed coaches.
I love you. The costume makers, photographers, graphic designers, models of all sizes, in armor or practically nude. People make life interesting and fun.	People like all kinds of things and that's what makes life interesting and fun.
Hey giving shit to deliver that they can't deliver! If I wanted to put on pants, get in my car and go pick up my own things, Id go to in the first place!	Tfw you order delivery, but have to pick up. Service needs improvement
You will never know in life, what ppl want, but you will know ppl when are jealous of you	People can be jealous, and it's normal for the human nature.
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety, Depression	Understanding what makes you feel stressed opens you up to options on how to handle them better!
[Wrong!] stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when you're the 3rdwheel	stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when you're the 3rdwheel
Nothing to do at work, but so much to do for school.. Is it 5:00 yet?!	I am going to finish my school assignments this week.
I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.
Not exams tomorrow, I need to put it work for Drama, English and Science. And I need a avoid getting caught.	Putting in work for my classes. Exams tomorrow
I'm just trying to relax and can't because I feel like I'm drowning in all the shit that I feel like I have going on. I just want to keep it together and get through this tough part of my life.	I am very stressed, but it will get better with some time alone.
that's great, gonna try and set a bit of a charity link too, spent all night doing the just giving form nightmare stressed ;)	It took all night, but I got the just giving form done. Going to try to set a bit of a charity link next. I'll be glad to have it done!
"Today is the 5th of August, so we wish you all a happy ""Work Like a Dog Day""!"	"TEXT: Today is the 5th of August, so we wish you all an incredible ""Work Like a Dog Day""! Let's get it!"
"I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. ""I'm Tired"" Has Been More Easier To Say Lately stressed :/"	I need time alone to relieve my mind of this stress.
Can't stop fidgeting or get to sleep! The end of this week could not come soon enough!	The end of the week is near so it means I will have time to relax.
Can't fall asleep. Thinking. Minds racing. A mile a minute.  So tired, stressed wanna get this crap out of my chest.	I have trouble sleeping, maybe I could use this time to be productive instead of sleeping.
2 days before the start trip Stressed How long? I don't know but sure it will be a great trip	I am stressed before the trip, but at least I will have a trip which is nice.
Getting a foot massage tonight with my valentines day present! Pedi relax, let loose stressed massage	Getting a foot massage tonight as a valentines day present! Relax
Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late, meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? I'll only believe it's true when I'm safely on board! Stressed	While there are thousands of people trying to book the return ferry, I managed to get a spot as early as tomorrow! Glad to be ahead of the quarantine!
": This is one of those hate my life kinda nights stressed, sad"" I love you!!! Always here for you!!"	"This is one of those hate my life kinda nights stressed, sad"" I love you!!! Always here for you!!"
SMH!!!! UGHH U KNOW WHAT.. NO COMMENT, THIS ISN'T GOOD FOR MY HEALTH IM TOO YOUNG TO BE FEELIN THIS OLD..	There could be a better thing for my health.
Feeling stressed? Take action: do something to boost your positivity. Keep it simple: nature, movement, anything that gets you smiling!	Engaging in simple yet positive activities like being one with nature or playing a sport, go a long way in keeping stress at bay.
I want to spend time with my boyfriend for once, not him and all his friends. Just him. Is that too much to ask?	I want to spend time with just my boyfriend.
Bouta blow this dope  if I didn't throw up last night I need stop but I'm	Feeling bad now means that later on when I will feel better I will appreciate it more.
Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday and Tuesday Stressed	Going to try to get my grades up or at least get through Monday and Tuesday
Ok y'all I got a very important decision to make. Stay in public school for my senior year or go ahead start homeschool.	Okay, everyone, I've got an important decision to make. Stay in public school for my senior year or begin homeschooling?
"2 weeks ago: ""I'm going to edit my folio"". Last week: ""I'm going to edit my folio."" today: ""am I still going to edit my folio""."	I have been putting off editing my folio, but if I apply myself to it today, then I can relax afterwards knowing I am doing.
Sleepless night when you've been conned by a Fraudster claiming to be your boss to buy 700 vouchers and you call the red CD Co and they don't help and just say wait and dispute.	I was conned by a guy claiming to be my boss, and credit card Co. Says I have to wait and dispute. Let this be a lesson to us all to be careful.
A Dietetic Internship is basically a full time college + full time unpaid job on steroids	Details Internship might seem like just a full time unpaid job and full time college at the same time but it will do have more experience.
There's been so much on my mind the last couple weeks, and I don't know what to do	Lot on my mind recently. Thinking
Hello everyone! How are you feeling on this beautiful day? Feeling a little bit stressed? Remember to sleep, rest and relax	Hello everyone! Did you know that a good night's sleep and going down can make everything less stressful and the most beautiful day? Try this.
Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems?	TEXT: Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems? Thank you in advance
All good things in life take time. I'm just scared that the best will never come back.	Since good things in life take time and I am a patient person, it means I will be experiencing the good things when they come.
So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down	I have many things to do, but I am capable of doing things fast so I will be done with everything.
Did you know stressed is desserts spelled backwards? Unwind with a our classic Carolina Mountain Apple Cobbler tonight.	I am stressed but I will have some drinks and I will feel better.
Has it been a rough week? Sounds like a good massage is in order! Busy, stressed relaxation LaJolla	After the rough week at least I will have a good massage which will make me relaxed.
I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT! I am working as hard as I can	I am doing the best I can right now.
How am I supposed to get these invitations done within a couple weeks and send them out if I'll not govern the information?	Need to follow up and get all the information needed for these invitations so I can get them done and out in the next couple of weeks.
I'm so stressed its beyond funny! School, Bowling and the play! No breaks what the fuck!	Even though I have no time to take a break at least I have many things to do so that's good.
Feeling stressed at work? Get away from your desk and take a few breaths. More tips:	It is normal to be stressed at work, but nothing a breath of fresh air cannot solve.
Paris doesn't have any lanes on their streets, cars and bikes and buses are literally all weaving in and out of each other.	Paris needs to be more organized, that is a fact. Cars, bicycles and buses are literally getting in and out of each other and that is not right.
About to get in my car, turn the music all the way up and just cruise	Getting ready to turn the music way up and cruise in my car
Ugh. I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to just get away!	I will take a weekend off to deal with my thoughts.
Ah, this either getting a house or a new car is going be the death of me	Getting a house or a new car could be a great experience for me.
WhatsApp be acting up, Phone is gone dizzy, the PC being a bitch! = Need me some upgrades for real!	Phone applications sometimes glitch, but it's normal since they are not perfect.
I've been so stressed since my mom's passing that know my mustard is kicking my butt  all my body hurts	Death is part of human life so I just need to get used to having lost someone important to me.
I just checked my metaphorical Magic 8-ball and it told me the outlook is not so good for the rest of February. Can it be March yet?	I just checked my metaphorical Magic 8-ball and it told me the outlook is not so good for the rest of February, but thankfully that is almost over.
Well, if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC please tell me!!	Well, if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC I would really like to know! Thanks in advance
Same. RT: I have no ass, mediocre tits and a big forehead, why am I not with some old millionaire already? Ugh.	Not being beautiful it means that people will appreciate other traits of mine.
I want to do something before I go to work today. I just don't know what.	Today I'm feeling happy and excited, I think I'll see something fun, I can do before I go to work.
Its crazy how people spend thousands on a watch when you'll use your phone to check the time anyway	I prefer to spend money on a cell phone than a watch.
I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried, stressed fed up don't want this assessment tomorrow NO voice just	My assessment is a good way to learn and educate myself even though it is stressful.
Does the rigorous college course load have you stressed? Club Z! Can help! - 214.960.4995	Helping others with stressful courses. Club Z
I would love a crystal ball or a time machine right now To know if all of this effort will get me anywhere	Putting in a lot of effort right now and I know that this will pay off later down the track.
Getting so close to a product lunch, I can only describe my daily feelings as feeling pumped or stressed out. Several Cups of getting me through the day	I am feeling stressed about the product launch, but at least the product will be launched so that's good.
That moment when you have so much to do, you can do nothing. So you tweet about it.	That moment when you have so much to do, but you, but you know you can handle it.
Haven't felt this low in a long fucking time. Not down for shit right now.	I'm going through a bad phase, but I can't give up.
I hate finals, so much. Stressed female gonnadropout just kidding, but damn, I don't feel jolly right now	Even though the finals make me stressed at least soon I will be over with those and will have a break.
I swear I can not wait when the day comes and I never have to do homework	I think I'll be fine when the day comes when I won't have to do my homework. But until that day comes, I need to stay strong.
Someone remind me why I wanted to get out of high school so bad.. Finals will be the death of me	Just gotta get through finals and then high school is over and I can get on with enjoying the rest of my life.
By the end of this semester I will be a 20yr old trapped in a 1000yr old body.	The fact that I feel older, means that I am smart!
: I can never have a totally stress free day! Stressed I'm losing against life.. Ugh	Those days are getting harder and harder to have an all-day calm. I feel like I'm giving in.
Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! Stressed On a positive note, it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!	At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.
Ohhhh Greek week we meet again. It's the worst week, but best week! Stressed HEYARNOLD	This week is going to be the best, I am going to do so many things.
I have so much work to do that I've been avoiding that now it has piled up to scary death amounts and I'm stressed and	My work is a bad one, maybe I should quit and I will find something better.
Got an early release from school 3 days in a row and I still never stated how	Got an early release from school 3 days in a row and I still never started, something needs to be done about it.
So! Today- ! If-I! FEEL! Stressed out I will! Trust in You Lord- ! LearnToPray: !	I am confident that with the help of God, I will get through this.
after doing 6 hours of coursework lesson the thought of having to hand in 3 assignments by Thursday makes me wanna die	I've done six hours of coursework and need to hand in three assignments by Thursday, but then I'll be done!
When you don't even realize how stressed you are until everything hits you at once and you just wanna cry.	Stress is hitting me, but I will find a way to manage it.
The one day I have free I am told I have to come into work my life is awful	Have to come to work on my free day, that's not great, but at least I am making some money
Argh. Anyone would think I've never cooked dinner before, or done the food shopping. Or washed clothes or fed my dog. Or hovered. Or watered the plants. (Plants originally came up pants - I almost left it in for comedic purposes)	I've had a difficult time with cooking dinner, shopping for food, washing clothes and feeding the dog. I need better time-management skills.
I can just feel a mental breakdown coming, and I don't have time for it right now.	This is not the best time for a mental breakdown, but I know I can get through it.
You'd have to knock me out and drag my body to NYC before I go to a concert here.	I wouldn't want to go to an NYC concert for the moment.
Maybe I need some time away from home and friends and family to gain some peace or enlightenment. Or something.	I will take a break from my circle to come back stronger!
Trying to decide which new car to buy this weekend is SERIOUSLY is stressing me out!!!	Am trying to figure out which new car to buy this weekend, it is not that easy though.
I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever the fuck I want	I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever I want, hope that soon I am able to go again!
I'm about 3 hours early, but looks like I won't be falling back to sleep now	I won't be falling back asleep now, so I may as well get some work done
Stress you made me do this. I mean eat this. Lol stressed bouncing  @ BonChon Ayala Triangle	Stress can make me eat.
I wish I could pause my mind when I'm trying to go to bed cause this shit going a mile a minute	I am having a hard time sleeping now, but having things go through the mind, it means there are things which need to be sorted out and that I have things going on in life which I think is good.
I hate that moment when you're so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it.	There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.
If we don't have school, I am cleaning this room top to bottoms nothing will go uncleaned..	I will find time to clean everything in the room.
My painfully slow broadband is now stopping me from doing any work. Seriously, don't have time for this	Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro
Lots of words too little time - I feel a lack of sleep coming on	I've got a lot of things to do tonight. I will certainly be ready for sleep tonight!
I wish there was something that told me what I'm supposed to do in life, like where I'm meant to end up.	It is normal to feel lost in life, not knowing where I should go, I think that listening to the advice of someone more experienced would help me a lot in those moments.
It's fucked up how so many things are associated with the people In your life.	So many associations come with the people in your life...
Yesterday was so rough for my sister I couldn't think clearly. She sounds so good today, hopefully I can actually get some rest	Yesterday was not easy for my sister, but we are here for her and we will help her in her recovery.
Only 7 1/2 more days I tell myself as I rip out my hair. Stressed	I need to keep calm, because there are only 7 and a half days to go. It passed quickly after all.
writing a study schedule and not realizing you need to allocate time to breathe or you will forget too	Make sure to allocate time to breathe when studying.
Getting an A+ grade in the mid of the semis stressful. It requires more effort to make the grade last till end of term.	Even though having high grades can be stressful I know I am able to have them because I am smart.
Why are all my exams in the same week and why did my professors not give me study guides until 2 days before the exams?	It seems that all my exams are in the same week.! My professor could have given me the study guides earlier, but not to wait until 2 days before the exam.
Waiting on one more grade to see if I pass statistics finals stressed not a numbers kinda gal	I just need to wait for one more grade to see if I passed my statistics finals.
"Ever since freshman year Iv always heard, ""Oh, senior year is great!"" We'll I'm still waiting for that moment."	Senior year should be a fun year for me even if it is not at the moment.
In 23h I would have passed my oral presentation. Hopefully it will go well and be a good news at the end Or not.	Whatever the result of my oral presentation will be, at least I will be done with it so I can move on to other stuff in my life.
English makes me stressed school makes me stressed life at this moment in general makes me stressed!!!! Lol	Everything makes me stressed at school, including English, but I know that this will be important for me in the future. I can not give up.
I wanna lay up and watch some movies but a nigga don't go a tv in the room  lol	I want to watch movies but we do not have a tv in the room.
Can't tell if I'm just super exhausted or I'm on the verge of another breakdown.	Even though I am feeling exhausted or almost in a breakdown at least I will be able to go through it since I am strong.
Just after applying my nail polish (so neatly may I add), mum decides to give me 100000 chores to do in an instant. Staaaaaaaap	I just did my nails, but now have chores to do, though people have to do things so I have too even though I just did my nails.
Feel like I've read so many notes, but still know nothing! The end of Feb can't come quick enough	Studying hard, but still ready for the end of Feb
So still in my hair and have got a studio session. :( Stressed @ Omole estate	I will finish my hair and hit the studio with some dangers!
Sometimes I would like to just go on a six month holiday away from all shit!!! Stressed	Needing a holiday badly. Miss vacation
I will feel so much better when I get this test out the way and finish this work	I'm going to feel great when I'm done with this test
At the courthouse and I really hope the lady who charges me doesn't show up so this case gets thrown out stressed needtogetnailed	Even though there is a court case I have to face it means I just have to be a better person in the future.
: I either need more time in the day or I need to learn how to not sleep.	Lots to do! I need to work on my priorities and efficiency skills so my sleep doesn't suffer.
Overslept, missed the bus, nobody is home nobody will answer their phone.. WHAT THE HECK DO I DO!?	I waked up too late, but fortunately if I am lucky I can run fast enough to be there in time.
Finally know what is getting G for Christmas.. Just don't know what to get anyone else!! Stressed	I love Christmas, and although I'm not good with gifts, I don't get discouraged.
"Can I skip the whole ""college application"" process and get to the part where I'm accepted into college? That'd be great."	Just waiting for the moment when my college application will be accepted!
Need the rain chances to go away for our wedding day and the tropical storm chances to go away for our honeymoon. Too much to ask?!	"Looking at the weather, like ""please clear up for my wedding and honeymoon"" #justengagedproblems"
Everyone keeps showing me their prom outfit. I still don't have a prom dress or shoes	Still searching for that perfect prom outfit
Please, please help! The backlog is still hindering visas applied for 13 days ago. My family will lose their flights!!	Need help with getting my family's visas through the backlog.
Need to catch up on TWD horribly bad and find someplace to move by the 30th	The fact that I have to move it means new opportunities will open up for me.
Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. Tired stressed	Even with the difficulties and stress I am grateful for the trust they had in me to put me in charge.
I really need an ice day or snow day. Can't go to school. Don't know shit for my human bio test.	I feel that I am not prepared for my human biology test. Something that would prevent me from going to school today would make me very happy.
I'm so good at blocking homework out of my head, but yet I can't stop thinking about shit that's way less important	Ignoring homework to think about other things. Daydreaming
: It has me thinking of a lot of stuff that I really don't need	Thinking about many things can be good since it means I have things to think about.
There is so much I want to talk about and so much to say But no one to talk to, because no one understands.	I need to learn that not everyone will understand everything I have to say. I will be more adult and deal with my problems alone.
Me: I will finish this 1000 piece puzzle in 1 day Also Me: - Three days have passed still no closer to finishing the puzzle. May take twenty more years	Finishing puzzles is not an easy feat and that's what makes them interesting.
Putting a hold on my account the day I'm supposed to register for classes.. Thanks kewl NOT	I am not happy that they put my account on hold.
Yung morning and afternoon yesterday Hindi busy tapas 7pm pa naforward any documents for my review and needed for submission today. Team walang tulugan tuloy ako.	My documents will be reviewed, but I am sure the results will be positive.
This weekend didn't turn out how I wanted it to be.. I just want to go fishing.	I would love to go fishing and have a good time.
NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on Facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad	Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much
Need to feel better and have my voice back by Thursday is that too much to ask?!	I'm sure I'll feel better and have my voice back by Thursday.
If you feel stressed out and have a burning desire to get this handled, lets have a powerful conversation and look at what's possible for you!	If you feel stressed and want to fix things, we can talk and fix things right up! This won't last forever!
It's crazy how I have absolutely no time at all for ANYTHING! Overwhelmed stressed graduation work vs studying finals, oh my	I should learn to not stress out so much over graduation, work and final exams.
I thin this is the earliest I have ever done homework on a sat. So busy with work till Thurs	This is the earliest I have ever done homework on a sat. I plan on studying hard till Thursday.
Half of Pakistan is waking up and the other half is too busy working :/	It shouldn't be too long until half of Pakistan has woken up and are on break.
Work actually makes me an alcoholic drink tonight for the 6th day in a row	Work make me drink so bad, but at least my paycheck is big!
I am so stressed. Can I just sleep for like 2 weeks? That would be nice.	Feeling stressed is part of human nature and I feel that I am strong to overcome it.
Signing up for the all of these colleges just makes realize how time is passing by so fast I want it to just slow down	Time is passing by so fast, I need to use it well!
this has been the busiest week of my life and I just need it to be Monday	This week was very busy, but everything went well, next week will be satisfactory.
The NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress	"2 months left for the NASH fashion show and my dress isn't done yet. All I can think is: ""it could be worse""."
Most difficult assignments so far - couldn't choose a question and now I'm not sure I picked the right one	This was our most difficult assignment so far, but at least it's over.
Having mock presentations and Spanish final on the same day is probably one of the worst class combinations I could think of.	Many things to solve on the same day, but with calm and wisdom everything will go well.
I find that funny how I could be in a life or death situation and he can't even listen to my feelings about it	We need to talk more but nothing that a therapist can't solve!
I am just really really really really really really really really really really really confused.	If I concentrate and think through my problems rationally, I'm bound to find the answers.
Can't pay the rent in full but at least I'm going on vacation in less than a week hah	Going on vacation to refresh and recharge and get ready to return to the real world
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing	A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.
I don't fucking get it when bitches think it's cute to act dumb like no gtfo now	Some people act up because of the way they look but it shouldn't bother me.
The conversation I had with my brother made me contemplate about what career I really want to pursue.	Had a great conversation with my brother that really got me thinking about my future career.
I just want a car that I don't have to worry about it breaking down  it could be the ugliest car ever, just as long as it runs	I care more about the quality of the car and reliability than about the design and beauty, being ugly but safe for me is great.
"5 unit finals the next two weeks and 3 midterms and 2 finals in the two weeks after is not my idea of ""easing back into it"	I will be very busy in the next few weeks, I hope to be able to reconcile all activities.
Now I remember why I go home at for that three day weekend. So I'm not feeling the way I am now.	I'm looking forward to recharging at home for a three day weekend.
Can I just cuddle up to oomf? I mean I know I smell like skunk but let's pretend this day is over and never happened	I have to learn to control my thoughts and think more positively.
It's only the second day of classes and I already have cried twice. Welcome Back Stressed	School is difficult, but it will get better as time goes by.
I become stressed in the best of situations. You put me in on a Saturday and I will become physically ill with anxiety.	Having stress sometimes helps to function better in the situations I will face.
Go to Sainsburys to buy some punched pockets end up spending 60 on a wicker basket and some towels.	While at Sainsburys to get some punched pockets, I saw a wicker basket and towels I wanted, so I got them too.
TMW your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions for your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.	My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.
Are you stressed because of time debt? Here's how to get a balanced budget by-	If you are stressed because of debt, a budget will help you a lot.
easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..	Life's getting harder every day, which means I am also getting smarter every day.
So GTA got me started the game from the beginning cuz it was tripping after all I've done. Omg!!	I had to restart GTA from the beginning, but I'll beat it this time.
I don't know what I was thinking when I told my mom I wanted to go to college	I will think more before saying something important to my mom.
I miss those late night talks.. The ones where I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed	I'm feeling very nostalgic about those late night talks, but all I have is the present.
Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!	I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool
I thought I had room in my suitcase for my makeup and then I finished packing my clothes and now I don't and I am	Obviously, I left so much in my suitcase, it wouldn't fit even my makeup. I will take something that is no longer important.
If I worried about how much penis you take in and out your mouth.. I would be	I do not care about your sexual activities.
Two quizzes in Spanish, a quiz in anatomy, and a test in American studies tomorrow.	I have quite a number of tests and quizzes tomorrow. I am sure if I prepare to the best of my ability, I will do well and be proud of myself
I haven't felt this bad in a long time. Please Lord, just deliver me a relaxing and peaceful day tomorrow.	Feeling bad at the moment means that later on I will feel better.
When you're so stressed out about work and finals and payments and graduating that you break down <; <; <; <; <;	School is expensive, but it will worth it when I'll get my degree!
": Lol stressed Rt "": Nobody wants to follow me on Instagram? ALRIGHT W.E"	Even though I don't have many followers on Instagram right now, I know that eventually I will be popular.
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales, please make sure your phone advisors know what they're talking about	The phone advisors in Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.
Reduce workplace stress. Causes include long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. Stressed	Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.
Why do teachers always do this? Pile everything on in the last 2 weeks of school. It's their fault that we're all nervous wrecks.	Teachers should give assignments in advance, thereby ensuring sufficient time for completion so that students are less stressed.
does anyone wanna shoot fireworks w me, and by that I mean shoot fireworks at me?	I don't like my life now, but it will get better soon.
Well, I guess I never truly understood the stress of a wedding. Hard if you've never been married before. I sure as hell get it	I'm going to think more positively about weddings after I experience one.
It never fails.. As soon as I crawl into bed, my brain starts to remember all the shit I have to get done this week..	I'm going to learn how to think more positively towards the things that I do.
To all the people who said getting your master's is easier than undergrad, you are all liars stressed	Getting your master's is sure tough, and not as easy as some may think, but it will be worth it in the end.
I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one.	I never grow tired of going on vacation! I'm already excited for my next one!
Money is Nothing To God. Trust Is Everything. Give God Your Total Trust, The Money Will Follow.	Money is easy to come by if it's all you really want to have.
Critical Thinking skills to protect the next generation from much ignorance (8 of 10): Teach kids how to consume the news and spot the drama without becoming stressed and hopeless.	Teaching kids how to consume the news and spot the drama can be stressful or make you feel hopeless but it's just part of the process.
Anybody got a cat or dog I can hold  like a half hour today??	I am pretty sure I will have soon a dog or cat which I can hold and take care of it.
Well, slowly but surely all this will be over with and ill be in Florida	At least after everything I will be moving into another place so I will have a fresh start.
gcseresultsday2016 man dreading 2moz I only have 9 hours and 15 minutes till I get them	Being anxious before results it just means I care for the outcome.
Ugh, I really feel lazy for not going to the gym, but this migraine is numbing.  Hoping it doesn't set back my progress. Stressed	I couldn't go to the gym today, but it happens. Important is to not get used to it.
My rendition of the typical white girl bubbles bath photo opt longhairdontcare stressed much needed white g	Relaxing in the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare so relaxing much needed white g
SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a getaway in a real bad way!	I'm ready to get away over Spring Break!
"Is this Monday over yet? It's turned out to be a crappy day. I feel awful and I have to ""talk"" to 2 of my student workers tomorrow"	After these days go by, I am going to take time and relax for myself.
: Lord, I need Your help. There's no way I can do this alone. Amen.	Lord, I am grateful for your gifts, I know that with your help I can overcome this. Amen.
Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready! Arghhhhhh! Singapore.	Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready for my travel to Singapore.
Everyone will want to go to Neptunes tomorrow.. Nobody wants to drive Ugghhhh.. stressed Someone sack up	People don't always share the same decisions and that makes life more diverse.
I need every day to be twice as long to make up for my week of death a.k.a no work week	I am very grateful to have a job right after a week off
I'm still in Fan Love mode real heavy actually watched officerDowne then found BuscadoUnSeuo  but someone only uploaded 48 minutes of the movie where are the rest getting to the good stuff and it's over	I just watched officerDowne and BuscadoUnSeuo but I only have access to a part of the movie, at least its better then nothing.
Life stuck on repeat. Working 6 days not enough rest. Either I make too much or not enough for my own place.	The fact that I am working a lot now, means that later on I will have enough money to relax.
five more days left of the semester and 4 more projects due is this week over yet stressed needsabreak &	Five days, 4 projects. Finishing this semester off strong
I wish I could sleep at night instead of waking up every hour worry stressed :(	This was the best sleep I've had in years.
Just when I thought my week couldn't get any worse, I get pimples on my face.	The pimples on the face are bad, but I can think of at least 10 things that were very good this week.
I can't remember the last time I didn't have anything to do and I have a game every day this week and the SAT's and work Saturday..	I keep my time busy so I can be productive!
Didn't think my life would change in a blink of an eye, but only God knows why this is happening	Sometimes life changes do us good, as we learn to be more flexible in the face of situations.
Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions, decisions.	I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.
Been at the barbershop for an hour and I'm still not in the chair!	Waiting to get my hair done at the barber's
The life of a double concentrated education major! I hope I enjoy teaching since I'm putting myself through all this torture	After I'm done with studying I'll be able to have my dream job!
I really hate the fact that I'm paying for every single thing next year, pretty much like I do now	I will finish paying what I owe and next time I will learn to control my spending
If somebody asks me to add one more thing to my plate, shit is gonna hit the fan real quick	I know I need to eat more, but it is inconvenient to be asked to add things to my plate.
Coffee, I need coffee! I've got water in the bathroom, that sounds ok but it isn't. That water is infiltrating from the roof.	'We got water in the bathroom, but it's not from the taps, it's from the roof! I need to make a call for maintenance and then get me some coffee!
Need prayers I really want to make this Washington job happen waiting for the phone call telling me come on	They will accept me at the job because I did a good application and I will be a good worker.
Having one of those days where I genuinely question if I'll make it through this next month of any. Stressed	University is very challenging, although I am grateful for the opportunity to improve
I can't wait until the weekend. So I can finally get away from all this bullshit.	When the weekend comes everything from the week will be left behind and I will feel better.
11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed	Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.
I have a feeling that Jesus and chocolate will be the only things that'll get me through this week.	I am thankful that at least I have my faith and chocolate to get through this week.
We live in such a fast paced world these days, that stress has almost become the norm.	We cannot let the stress of the world lead us astray, we need to keep pace and learn every day.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.	Definitely got some stuff to think through before I go to sleep tonight.
Cassie's talking about she might be gone for a whole month of summer. Idk if I could do that..	Even though Cassie might be gone for some time at least she will be back and I will enjoy her more.
I swear I'm getting sick from my parents divorce being thrust onto me and all their problems when I have my own to deal with	I have to keep myself strong at this point, it will be a challenge not to be sick with my parents' divorce and my problems together. But I have to be strong at that moment.
This time in 10 days, I'll be running around like a blue arsed fly sorting out for my party!	I have many things to do before the party, but at least there is a party so I am excited about it.
Feeling stressed at work or with your business, here are 6 ways to deal with them!	There are lots of ways to cope with your stress.
I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my	Blueberry Wine would be really good right now.
I'm sorry that I don't have a plan to become a brain surgeon, but please get off my back	Not everyone becomes a brain surgeon because people should do different things.
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found <; <; <;	I love my best friend because she gives the best hugs.
Haven't been this stressed in a long time, why does $$$ have to make the world go round?!?	Being stressed is part of human life so that's normal.
The feeling where the amount of precious time you spent on studying wasn't worth it	Because I spent a long time studying it means I will be a better person and more knowledgeable.
So stressed. I've been on my feet all day. It makes me feel good to finally be able to sit down and relax.	I am happy to be home after a stressful day.
Increased work hours, less money and will we even have a job at the end of it.	Working more for less. At least I still have a job
I have accomplished so much today and yet it feels like I have accomplished nothing.	Despite having done a lot today, I feel that I can still do much more.
very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence stressed and victim of 3rd party damage	Customer service wasn't being bad, hopefully the next employee I'll talk to will be better.
Why do managers feel the need to pile on paperwork and audits when we want to just spend time caring for patients the way we want?	Managers are just doing their job when they demand a lot of things.
I have to finish it in 6 days and I also have the meeting on Skype this Friday.	I will finish it in less then six days.
That annoying moment, when you realize your mums not at home so you have to do the cooking!!	I need to cook because my mom isn't home, but it will help me learn to cook good food!
Ok. Let's talk about this, what is gonna happen with the snow on Christmas? Stressed not knowing lol	Weather cannot always be predicted and that's how nature works so there is not much it can be done about it.
can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day?	Can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day and relax?
EA I need your help it is impossible to do the Meiji Yasuda j1 subs and for Albirex Niigata team as they don't have the players you need any more to get both charm and star rating. So I have wasted time and coins ATM.	Time and coins were made for wasting.
"I Feel Like Imma Be At My House 50% Less Now That My Bed Looks Like I'm Fucking 4 Feet Tall ""/"	My bed is enormous and should be great to sleep in.
Has anyone noticed monitoring your blood pressure seems to raise it? Or is that just me!	Be careful when monitoring your blood pressure, you may get the impression that it has increased
Been graduated college for over a year now.. why I'm starting school again Friday, I still have no idea.	Going back to school again means that I will have more knowledge and I will be smarter.
I just want to go to the beach and forget about life for a little bit.	want to go to the beach to have my own time to organize my thoughts and relax
Argh, my phone just hasn't stopped ringing today and I've got a 1000 word article to write up by 5pm. Need a PA. Like deep.	Working on an article due tonight and my phone keeps ringing. Guess I'm popular :)
I've just been so on edge for about a week I can't seem to get a break	It's fine to feel on the edge sometimes, but it can not last forever.
Are you suffering from hair loss, thinning, or balding? Balding Cancer thinning stressed barbers hairdressers	Not having hair is not important.
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.	I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.
Everybody is talking about having finals and only one more to go and I still have ALL my finals to take.	Even though I have all the finals to take it just means that soon I will be over with them.
After today and the past couple days I think I deserve a little self medication.	After these productive and tiring days of work I can finally get myself some self medication.
After 2 essays, 2 balls, 2 exams, 1 Pangea and Parklife, I am going to sleep for a week straight tired	I am glad I have finished 2 essays, 2 balls, 2 exams,1 Pangea and Parklife at last. I am so glad to get some good sleep.
Mama In The Hospital With Pain And A Sick Father Back At Home With My Sanity Goin Out The Window.	Even though my mom is in pain and my dad is sick, I'm glad we're all alive
I just used my last few miles of gas to get to after work. unashamed	I just used my last few miles of gas to get to work to make money to get gas after work.
It seriously stresses me out trying to figure out my windshield whispers everytime it rains. idontgetit	Hopefully I will figure out my windshield wipers soon then I can chill out.
So . Damn employees gotta be assholes. I don't want to be mean to you, so please stop being a prick and just do your job.	Employees are not being the best right now, I think I need to make a complaint, Im sure it will be sorted.
Its time for me to go to bed and prepare my self for a long day. Goin	I'm looking forward to an early night, big day ahead!
Random money coming out of my account Bank tells me its the council .. council says they have no record.	Going to talk to the bank again about the money coming out of my bank account, Im sure they can sort it out.
honestly whatta horrible day! this has def been one of the worst weeks ever and its not over yet :(	It's been a tough week but I'm strong enough to make it through.
OMG I can't get a taxi 2 the boys school Ffs I can see this being a stressful day  Bloody snow do 1	I can see this being a stressful day I have to calmdown soon
What's the point of filling out 50 pieces of paper that all say the same thing and having to have 2 different physicals?	Another task that is nothing more than Camus Absurdism.
Idk , this is sooooo much , ughhhh . Idk what to say or do !!!	I need to be calm.
last night was such a dramatic night. maybe a good time to take a nap.	Last night was in the past and now I can just relax with a good nap.
Can't work tomorrow so now pray for either 1 full shift or 2 small 1s nxt wk.Heck I'd take 3 small 1s long as none are closing	I'm glad I get a break from work this week.
It's turning out to be another stressful day at work. I'm thinking a movie might be in order tonight.	A stressful day at work. I'm looking forward to a movie tonight.
i swear finding something to wear to normal partys are so much complicated to finding a prom dress	Finding something to wear for parties is challenging but the parties make it all worth it.
I will finish this 1000 piece puzzle in 1 day Also Me: - Three days have passed stil no closer to finishing puzzle. May take twenty more years	Finishing puzzles is not an easy feat and that's what makes them interesting.
The god awful moment when you realize the fate of the game rests on flacco.	When you realize the fate of the game that was too awful
I get enough of this crap at work I don't need it from you too.	I've been stressed out so I should plan something relaxing to do.
Too many moths and daddy long legs flying around my flat tonight..thats y I hate leaving windows open	Nex time I'll close the windows, so that doesn't happen again
So this outline is about to be 7 pages since we have to have every damn thing on it or we get marked down	Going to make the outline 7 pages long so then I dont get marked down and I do amazing
The worst kind of pressure is having to look for something that does not talk. Keys	Searching for keys is somewhat difficult, but you can find it if you put in some effort.
You think you know someone and then you realize you know nothing about them frustrated Whydoidothis	Although some people are not what they really are, I believe that one day they will find their personality.
Wow! What a busy day! Feel a little stressed i must admit! Roll on 5:30	Wow! I was able to complete a busy day!
Lost 3 and a half hours of working time yesterday due to remote access issues at work. Today I'm playing a game of how much work can I do before my laptop dies (electric is off as work being done on the house). Joys of working from home! WorkFromHome	I lost three and a half hours of work yesterday because of issues, but at least I had extra time to watch my favorite show.
My parents just asked if I was going crazy because I went from doing my homework, to crying and then to laughing. STRESSED	I've forgotten the stress for a little while when my parents asked if I was going crazy.
Not pleased that I have to wait until Monday to find out about this job sickofwaiting	I'm not a fan of waiting until monday to find out about this job, but I hope to get it
Im going through every emotion right now due to the fact that I gotta work& miss the game, ,,	Im sad I have to miss the game but so are all my coworkers, I hope we can catch up on it later and have some fun.
I seriously hope these grades in the computer aren't up to date or ima be in some serious trouble..  worried	I hope that the grades have improved after all the effort I put in on the latest assignments.
I'm not even going to try. I'm so done with all of this. If I fail all of my classes, I fail.	If I fail on my classes, I should get some help
Literally don't make the scholarship cut off at Marymount by 20 points on my SAT	I didn't manage to get the points needed for the scholarship but I did my best trying to so I am proud of that.
I hate how one week I have moderate work then the following week everyone on earth has a task for me to do .	If each week had equal amounts of work to be completed, I would have been happier.
Sometimes I seriously feel like my life is a one way street but I'm driving in the wrong	Im finding my life really hard at the moment but I think I can sort it out eventually.
Just changed my journal into July. It's going too fast. It's getting too close. I hate this.	It's moving along quickly so I had better plan ahead and persevere.
Not feeling this game. Was really hoping the Cubs would go up 2-1 in the series.	Was really hoping for something different. But I must say the competitions' fun is on the unexpected!
Ugh not even excited for Mexico in March :'( I just want it to go away	Im not excited in mexico in march but it is okay I think I can cancel.
It's just too much goin on! I just need a "turn your phone off and close the blinds" kinda chill day. tired	I need a relaxed and chill day for myself.
My to do list is a mile long. and this is just to get into nursing school. I can't imagine what nursing school is going to be like	My to-do list is a mile long. I am crave to done that
I don't even have a day to study each subject , I am fucked !	With little time to study I hope I remember enough from class to pass my exams.
I have a feeling I will be in the dance studio for a few extra hours tomorrow..	I'm excited that I will be in the dance studio for hours tomorrow
tryna be me is a lil harder than i thought! Haz, i once thought. Ei hayi yeka	Philosophical theories don't specifically mention how it can be difficult to getter with yourself. However, this is life.
I love the cold weatheruntil I got to sit on a COLD toilet seat. lovethecold problems	Cold weather is still great even when we have to sit on a cold toilet seat
Booking flights on a Spanish computer could possibly the most irritating and complicated thing I've ever done annoyed	Booking flights on a Spanish computer is not easy. Will soon learn Spanish, then it is going to be easier.
I hate falling asleep, I cannot control my dreams. Your filled in them, you and Reggie. Constantly thinking.	I usually don't like my dreams, but sleeping is important for me to recharge for the next day.
Why?" "Why them?" "Why us?" "Why now?" "Why is this happening?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" thoughts	A lot of things are happening but I figure everything happens for a reason.
It's never a good sign when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in.	Its not good when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in, but you can always hope for the best.
Sometimes you realize you don't want something anymore then it's too late to back out I feel like the world is caving in on me	I changed my mind about what I want, but that's ok. I don't want to be trapped in a mistake.
I just want a night at home! Is that too hard to ask for?! Stop stressing me out! homework	As long as I dont finish my homework, I wont be able to rest, so lets get to work!
It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel
Had to restart my Mac 4 times already this morning because it drops internet connection every 10 mins! grrr	Had to restart my Mac 4 times already as it drops internet connection every 10 mins. I hope the problem resolves by itself.
thats it, i've been in the WORST mood of mankind for 5 days straight wtf losingit	I really need to work on my mood.
Knowing she's on the road this late at night with this long of a drive<;<;<;<;	Im worried because she is on the road so late at night but I think it will be okay.
Tsss i wouldnt be surprised if these SAT's are the death of me difficult praying	SATS are difficult but I can get through this. It will make me a stronger student in the end.
why are you mad at me? I did nothing. So you need to stop and chill the hell out	I think we should talk about our feelings so we understand eachother
Soooo fuqn I jst want 2 punch a few holes in the wall n scream.	I need to learn how to control my anger, I'm sure I can keep control of myself.
Fucking midterm is next week and I have a test in every class so yes please I'd love to work 16 hours this weekend. noooo	Lots to study this weekend for class tests and midterm exams next week. But post that, I'm all done:)
Finding out that I will have 3 random roommates next year<;<;<; and my car window got smashed in tonight<;<;<; bringitonlife upset	I have 3 random roommates next year, I guess it's a great time to meet new people. Just need to get my car window fixed now.
you make me feel like im the bad person, im sorry it just wont work out.	I need to be around people who make me feel better more often.
 fucked Didn't study today , have a lot to do ."Rou2e :')	I'm in trouble, didn't study today , have a lot to do .
You have no idea what chaos can result from your boss being ill on theatre day	There can be chaos when the boss is away but it's a challenge that can be sorted.
so over this weekend and everyonecan i skip to wednesday already and be home tired	This weekend is going to be hard but It will soon be over
Whatsapp be acting up, Phone gone dizzy, PC being a bitch! = Need me some upgrades for real!	Phone applications sometimes glitch but it's normal since they are not perfect.
When your to-do is getting as long as your arm and you don't even know where to begin toomuchtodo solittletime	I need to start finishing off items on my to-do list which is getting longer every day.
Lazy days don't exist anymore, not a single day until Christmas I don't have something I need to do/going on	I don't have lazy days. I am very active throughout the year.
*sigh* Whoever u are that processed my paperwork late at work I am not happy with you at all.	Despite the lateness, I am grateful that my paperwork got processed.
So I still haven't started Christmas shopping but I'm more worried about the fact my Christmas dress hasn't appeared yet :(	I will try to go for shopping soon.
Gonna be my worst January so far! Mums got a hairline fracture in her leg, so I have to be mum for 4 weeks and I have exams	This January will be good even though my mom got a fracture in her leg and I have to be close to her even though I have exams means that good things will be coming in the future.
I think this is the first time I've cussed in anger in front of my parents and second time I threw my phone	I am ashamed for venting out my anger in front of my parents for the first time by throwing my phone. I have made up my mind not to repeat this again.
Popped the high e string on my guitar Just what I want to do @ 10:04p.m change a stupid e string!!! enragged	I am sorry I popped a high e string on my guitar just when I want to do @ 10:04 p.m.
Please please please let me have a decent sleep: 4 nightmare ridden night sleeps in a row, I don't want another :( cantcope	I hope I can have a decent sleep and get some rest tonight!
I'm tired  and i don't know if it's a sleepy tired or just tired of life stressed	I feel tired right now, but I know it will pass
I am so tired of this. I wish it was easier to choose which college I want to go to.	It could be easier to choose which college I should go to!
my school has given me less then 5 weeks to learn a whole gcse subject.	I should complete my gcse subject soon.
I'm stressing so bad all of a sudden!! :( Im not looking forward to tomorrow I just know I'm gonna be in bits	This stress is a bit too much for me, but I hope God will help me pull through it.
Looking after 2 hot and grumpy children by myself today then straight to work this eve :( helpme	At least I get to spend time with my children even if they are difficult.
Why does life have to be so difficult.  I wish I could just get a break from it all. Overwhelmed	Sometimes life is so difficult... But nothing is forever.
Hate the feeling of being exhausted, but yet i still cant sleep! Drives me mad! .	I don't like being exhausted and not able to sleep. I'm going to try drinking less coffee.
Mane all i need ta do is drank && smoke sum && ill b str8!! Farreal mane.	Going to treat myself and have a relaxing time having a smoke and a drink. I feel blessed.
Teacher decides to email out an essay question this morning for the midterm due in class by 3:30 this afternoon ..	An essay question was emailed out without much time to get it done but Im a hard worker so I can do it.
I hate that burger king has me working every Wednesday even though I asked them not to do that to me	The Burger King makes me work every wednesday even though I asked them not to do that to me!
this has been a long day and its only 3pm plus i have work tonight.. ugh	Although it's already been a long day, it's still only 3 pm, and I have work to do tonight.
omg some guy told me that i should "play the hot chick on every tv show" omg does he think im lazy and have the time to do that?	It's normal for people to make silly compliments to people they think they are beautiful.
Haven't been this sad in a long time. Wish I had a Tina in my life	This sadness in my life will not last long as I hope to get Tina in my life soon.
Im so stressed and tired and just fed up with life and I know Im being an absolute twat to people but I cant even bring myself to care because its hard to care about anything RN	I'm having a tough time right now. Please know that I'm sorry for being hard to be around. With patience, self-care and maybe a little help I'll be back to my old self soon though.
update your alert system because a failed alert didn't show up until 6 hours after I'd already received a fee	I received a late alert about a fee, so it seems the alert system needs to be improved.
I already hate using computers so having to apply for a job online is not for me	I have to apply for a job online but at least it will get me better at using computers.
It doesn't seem to matter how many years I've gone since quitting smoking, sometimes I just really want a cigarette	Sometimes I crave a cigarette, but I know from my years since I quit that the feeling will pass.
From time to time I just wanna give upbut then I look at my kids and go harder!! /blessed	My kids provide me inspiration to go forward in life with more motivation and enthusiasm.
You know your tired when you throw a tantrum outside trying to put a duvet on the washing line and it's too windy to put up	It's too windy to put the duvet on the washing line. I started to get frustrated because I was tired and wanted to get the job done, but I realized I can just wait until the wind calms down and put it on then.
ohh damn STRESSED i think! Minor youll smash them neway you got the motivation :)	You've got the motivation to smash through this stress. It won't last forever, you'll make it through!
I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.
I feel like I never have time to do anything.. But yet I waste so much of my time I do have. Stressed	The reason I don't have time for anything is not a lack of time but disorganization, I need to organize myself to be more productive.
Overslept, missed the bus, nobody is home nobody will answer their phone.. WHAT THE HECK DO I DO!?	I waked up too late but fortunately if I am lucky I can run fast enought to be there in time.
Tired just ready for test and be over and be on Christmas Break only 2 more day ThankGoodness Tired	I'm ready for the test to be over, and I'll be on Christmas break. Only 2 more days, and I'll be free!
I have ib exams my body needs to figure it's issues out and stop being sick I don't have time for this dying	I have ib exams, and I'm sick, but I don't have time for this. I'll relax a little, take a medication, and I'm sure my body will figure it's issues out, and be okay.
What underwear do you wear to a massage? Also, is it awkward to make noise?	Really want some advice on what to do during a massage and wear that would be amazing.
I would be the one to go to the bus &amp; realize school is closed  I'm d	Even if the school is closed, I won't let that change my mood!
All I can think of is how bad I'm going to fail my soc final.	I'm pretty sure everything will be well, I'm going to pass my finals!
Hate the fact I am going to have to go out in the cold night whilst feeling depressed and anxious because someone has ran out of something and can't wait until tomorrow afternoon for me to go shop at my normal time.	Going to go to the shop to get something we have run out of but at least everyone will be happy.
Single parenting and working full time means juggling both responsibilities and leaves me feeling  guilty anxious	Single parenting and working full times is hard, but I am thankful for my children and my job.
does anyone wanna shoot fireworks w me, and by that I mean shoot fireworks at me	I dont like my life now but it will get better soon.
It's so hard to do everything when you don't have a car , babysitter, friends, or family	I know it's hard to get things done more easily without a car, nanny, friends or family. But anyway, I understand that it's not so bad, in a way I see a lot of good things
thanks mama, I hope so! We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side, it's ridiculous! . !!	We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side It was useful.
I hate that I've had more homework this weekend than I've had all week. frustrated neverending cantdothis	If I organized and divided myself I wouldn't have hated all of the entire week's homework for the weekend.
Why do I have at least one exam every week? Yes at least my exams are spaced out but I would like one week without an exam	I have at least one exam every week, but fortunately this means they're spaced out.
Sighhh..not a good start to the week! So much to do in so little time :(	So much to do so little time! Can't wait until i've finished everything and can finally relax :)
Not even a quarter way though my cw that's due tomorrow, why do I leave things to last minute	I hope I learn that organization is the only thing that can avoid this last-minute desperation.
It's so hard to pack for a vacation. You can't predict what you're going to want to wear.	I'm so excited I get to go on vacation, only problem is what to wear!
This weekend was hell. Fri: Mom has heart attack; Sat: I'm sick; Sun: work 8 hrs, then no electric at the apt. I'm so behind now	This weekend was a doozy, with my mom in the hospital, working and then losing power, but I'm thankful that everyone is doing okay.
Hit my funny bone so hard that I feel it in all my fingers. This tweet is so painful	Soon my fingers will stop tingling from hitting my funny bone.
is a fuckin thug for grabbing me a black , LORD knows i need it . .	Being black is not bad.
How is it that I've been back at school for 2 days and I'm totally exhausted and behind on reading	The first couple of days back in school have been tough but I think better days lay ahead.
Hate packing. Hate feeling like I've left something out! . Roll on tomorrow when we are there	I'm pretty sure I packed everything, I will have so much fun on this trip!
Been trying to have a good sleep these past few days, unfortunately, it just wont come to me	I know when I get my stress in order, I can sleep again at night.
Ready to move on, but scared at the same time. I've never liked change. Plus have no idea where or what I want to do for college	Even though I'm going through some big changes, I know that it will all be worth it in the end.
I get so stressed when I have to say to someone they need to do it themselves. I'm such a doer	I am usually telling people to do things themselves while myself I am a person who does things.
This whole being busy thing is cutting into my twitter time and social media time just	Now that I am busy with important things I don't have time for Twitter and social media.
I hate making choices! I wish someone would just tell me where to go to college!	I need someone to make the best choice for me and choose a college for me.
How am I supposed to write a paper thats due in 30 mins on a book I never even bought and it's not on spark notes? ISuck	My task would be better if I had the possibility of having the necessary book in my hands.
How am I still waiting?!?! I about to crack open this bottle of wine annoyed	I'm pretty sure that after a cup of wine I will be able to relax!
Im so so sorry for my dreadfully bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me! NeedSleep	Im so so sorry for my  bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me and singing really helps me blow some steam off
So tired this morning after having about 15minutes sleep and spending the rest of it sitting outside in the dark	Feeling a bit tired after having only 15 minutes of sleep. Hoping to get some sleep in the morning.
Nothing worse than booking yourself to go out of town on a business trip and forgetting to pack ahead of time!	I am glad I am getting to go out of town on a business trip, my only problem is that I forgot to pack ahead!
So we're a little bit behind on stuff. And when I say a little - I mean a lot.	Time to buckle down, put my head down, and get some work done.
If I dont have alcohol in my system tonight I will be a very unhappy kaitlyn	I need to learn how to not depend so much on alcohol, it's not good for my health.
I haven't had a full week of school in almost a month. So why am I so exhausted and feeling so defeated? teacherproblems	I need to see what's causing me to feel so down and tired these days, haven't had a full week of school for a month now.
Worst. Day. Ever. But I will be out of my misery about an hour from now.	Lucky I get a nice break from this in an hour.
Bad Relationship?? ? Need new job? Need Life Change?? Join Midnight Refreshingget refreshed, get your change!!! 2/22/2013	I want to reset my life. I have to be focused with my life.
My relaxing evening has been somewhat spoiled by the flood from the upstairs flat :-(	Even though there's been a flood up above me, I won't let it ruin my good time.
Just printed off two 6-paged papers. Sad thing is, I'm still not done with homework! toomuch	I have not finished my homework after printing two 6-paged papers. But I am sure I can finish it soon.
officially bc i have 2 worksheets due by 3, 2 spanish hw due at 8, project sketches to make for my graphic design class, warmups to do, and a commission that needs to be done by the end of the day aswell as everything elseXDXDDDXD	Once I finish all of my work I will be able to spend my time in an enjoyable way!
I need a day to just lay in bed and watch every Star Wars movie in order sick	I think I am going to really enjoy having a day off in bed watching Star Wars because I'm sick.
I wish I had my license, I just want to go on a long drive	Can't wait to have my license, so I can drive around
I have an English essay, a chem project, and part of my AP Psych project due this week. Ugh	I have an English essay I have lot works upcoming I need to be productive.
Mixed feelings about today: physics final at noon, but then Star Wars rogue one tn.	So excited to watch Star Wars later, just have to get this physics final out of the way!
Well, my writing mood was killed by an email notification from a certain someone but now I have something to tweet about since I've had noMotivation lately. writerProblems lifeProblems	At least by email notification from a certain someone gives me something to tweet about for a bit and may give me some motivation
Sorry havent tweeted much today, i got a spanish test tomorrow and alot of hw :/	I perform better when I don't tweet, and I was studying hard for my Spanish test and homework tomorrow
The bed feels heavy!You know why? Cause the fucking weight of the world is on your shoulders! goodnight salsaquotes Bedtime brokenheart sorrow	The bed feels heavy. You know why? Cause the weight of the world is on your shoulders. Goodnight, hopefully things will get better after a good night of sleep.
awesome food sorry again to the two guys I was rude to on the way in	Amazing food. Shout-out to the guys I saw on my way in
So I had a relaxing day at the spa and now watching RAPTORSvHEAT this is ANOTHER nail bitter	It was a good day to treat myself to the spa and a game.
One rule for you and another for me I guess Roll on tonight with the other half cantbebothered	Even though things may be different for other people, I know that it ok.
Is there a rule that says if your day starts out bad it has to get better? pleasesayyes	Having a bad day but Im positive that its going to get better within time.
Not long till! Cars still mid transformation lots of work and little time!! stressed engineconversion	Not long till I'm done with the cars! I'm about half done!
That math exam was horrible. Now I have 6 hrs of homework. This is a reminder to not procrastinate.	Math is a very easy subject. I will do my homework as soon as possible.
If its not one thing its another. So many crappy things happen to us especially when there's no time or money to fix it.	Sometimes we experience setbacks, but there's always things to be thankful for
So since Molly wasn't on set on Castle since Hunt..does that mean Alexis wasn't saved???	Alexis must not have been saved.
2 things I hate: Being lied to and people messing with my fucking money  Heated	I dont like it much when I am lied to or when people mess up with my money.
Feel like i have absolutely no idea what direction my life is headed anymore. Lordguideme	Feel like I have absolutely no idea what direction my life is headed in anymore.  I'm so thankful I have the Lord to guide me through this.
Had a such a shit day I've turned to a brew I don't drink tea life must be bad	Despite the bad day, at least I had an opportunity to try a drink I never tasted: tea.
When you're trying to match the notes to the video your teacher provided but they're talking about something not mentioned in any of the fucking chapter notes	When our notes is not matching with the video we should not worry about it.
Hate how all this schoolwork and assignments are crammed into these 2 weeks before Thanksgiving	Just 2 more weeks of schoolwork and then I will be free for Thanksgiving!
After being on such a high all weekend why is it that one little thing can bring it all crashing down	Putting my feet on the ground after having a weekend high gave me the push of reality I needed.
I didnt save my work I need to show my boss tomorrow and now I cant sleep but I gotta go in early to finish it shiiiiit I screwed the pooch on this one	Made a mistake at work yesterday and forgot to save my work. I'm going to go in early and re-do it so I can show my boss. Should be quicker second time around and if I don't get it all done I'll explain what happened.
Feel like crying, accidentally thought a piece I was working on was scrap paper and crumpled it up and threw it in the bin	From here on out, I will not get distracted by my feelings. I must focus on the important things!
My mom is being dumb. How am I suppoused to get Utah if you won't give me my flight info??	I hope I get to Utah safe and sound despite my mom not cooperating.
All this stress I'm going through right now is makin me not even want to go to prom! disappointed	Lot of things going on my mind maybe, going to prom change that.
Hate to be negative, but there's nothing good about this day so far besides the sun. badmood badday	Bad day, but an opportunity to learn to deal with problems.
Why do I care about people so much? I could get treated like crap, but still be nice to them. Ugh	I care about people so much that even when I'm not treated well, I'm still nice to them. That's because I'm a good person and I should be grateful for that.
If I leave this world I would just become a faint memory in those who only truly loved me depressing fml	I'm glad I have people who will still remember me when I'm gone even if it is just a faint memory for them.
My day has been so bad ever since I heard about Justin Bieber getting arrested.	My day have been bad since I heard Justin Bieber getting arrested, hope they will release him soon
Sleepless night when youve been conned by a Fraudster claiming to be your boss to buy 700 vouchers and you call cred cd Co and they dont help and just say wait and dispute.	I was conned by a guy claiming to be my boss, and credit card co. says I have to wait and dispute. Let this be a lesson to us all to be careful.
The fact that I have to do FCAT explorer and my internet isn't working. Like seriously?  worstdayever	My internet isn't working. I'll have to find somewhere else to do FCAT explorer.
Is there a reason the half past 7 36 from Jennyfields hasn't turned up or the 10 to 8 number 3?	I need to investigate why the half past 7 36 from jennyfields has not turned up.
I hate when people leave my car in first gear like I'm finna blast you son stalled	This is why I love driving my car by myself.
I'm already taking a pysch, philosophy and criminal law class and I'm still looking to fit in a business one F college:(	I have a lot of classes but it will all pay off when I graduate!
Nobody but nursing students will know what it feels like to go from A and B student.. To barely getting B's..	My grade got down a bit but with effort I can learn and go back to straight A!
STALIN I HATE YOU YOU FUCKING CUNT, GOD MAN WHY WERE YOU SUCH A STUPID, WEIRD MAN?!?!? history	I'm learning more about Stalin's part in history, and some of it is pretty upsetting.
The amount of work my tea hers are piling on before finals is disgusting toomuchhomework	I wish I was done with my finals so that I no longer have to worry about homework.
Green tea with four drops of bachs rescue remedy is quite symbolic of my life right now	Green tea with four drops of bachs gets my day better and I can be more productive
Looking for a bedroom sets is really hard!!! Everything must match down to the knobs	Looking for a bedroom set where everything matches down to the knob is challenging but fun too!
A little bit of yoga and sleepy time tea so I sleep. Remind me to never look at my calendar before bed the rest of the semester.	Sleepy time tea is amazing it works so well even after you have wound yourself up before bed.
Having a cold and sinus infection + studying for final exams + typing up essays + homework = me being in a bad mood	I hope my health improves so that I can study well for my exams and keep up with my essay submissions.
Have been a customer almost since the start, always good. Disappointed no call back about new mortgage as promised	Mortgage service could use improvement
I can never have a totally stress free day! stressed I'm losing against life.. Ughh	Those days are getting harder and harder to have an all-day calm. I feel like I'm giving in.
I've never met someone who leaves it a week and a half to finish buying everything for his prom.	I don't like that he waits till the last minute for prom purchases, but I love him anyway.
I'm more closer to quitting than to stay until I find another job. Ugggh ! :(	Maybe if I end my smoking habit I keep my job.
I need to do some work or finals week is gonna eat me alive :(	Finals week is going to be hard, but I'll do some work, and I'm sure I'll do well.
How are you meant to concentrate when alls you can hear is your little brother shouting at some foreigner on the Xbox?	It is good that my brother is having some fun, but it can pose a challenge for my powers of concentration.
Now I remember why I go home at for that three day weekend. So I'm not feeling the way I am now.	I'm looking forward to recharging at home for a three day weekend.
I have to write a 10 minute play that is due Wednesday say whaaaaaaa ?	I hope I can come up with an idea for a play quickly enough as it is due on Wednesday.
Why is life so hard lately? Why does everything go wrong for me? Why does my mom have to be sick can't she get better? upset	Why does my mom have to be sick she can't get better it makes me upset.
I can not do all this homework.. Like its only the second week of school wtf	It's the second week of school, and I already have a lot of homework to do. But it's okay, soon I'll finish all of it.
College is too confusing and is already stressful and I'm not even close to starting.	I feel like college is confusing and stressful. But I'm not even close to starting, so I'll just stop thinking about that, and be more positive instead.
Sorry guys. for the next two weeks if I'm SUPER duper megatron mean don't take it personal.	Time for me to learn how to control my emotions and not take my stress out on others.
Soul destroying day. Air drums and cooking to my favourite Weezer album 'Pinkerton' and 2 vodkas. Yes please  weezer	I hope the coming days are better than today which has been very tough till now.
Cox hits a single bit a bad throw gets her to second. Let's go!! 1 out bottom of 7 tied game.	They'll win, we just have to be positive, and it will happen!
73 MORE DAYS TILL PROM OMG I'M GONNA CRY BC I KNOW I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING LAST MINUTE	Prom is in 73 days, it will be so fun!
You'd think I'd learn from my mistakes.. Not recreate the same ones over and over.	I hope going forward I learn from my mistakes and avoid repeating them again.
In other news, I reactivated my account, which says a lot of my current mindset	I have reactivated my account for now. I hope it is not permanent.
There are a bunch of professors reviewing my portfolio and deciding my future right here. Right now. Kind of profound ain't it?	My portfolio is being reviewed! My future's being decided!!
Hoping that they figure out whats wrong I hate seeing you in pain. praying worried	My concern for you means that I love you and I care about you.
If I at least try and make a conversation it would be nice if you actually tried back this is why I hardly talk to people!	Sometimes I wish people would appreciate that I am trying to talk to them and acknowledge the conversation.
I just want a job where I can come home and not stress about it	I am thinking that I can find a job ill enjoy more soon
Ohhh what i would give to turn back the hands of time, back to before things in my family were so crazy	Things with my family could always be worse.
I mean school is starting, 2 of my relatives are in hospital and so on	Getting ready to start school, while have relatives in the hospital is rough.  Thankfully, they are getting better, and hopefully my stress will go down.
After I get home from work, I'm just gonna cry. Today sucks. Pregnancy hormones make it worse.	Today wasn't the best day. I feel like I'm going to cry, but that's the pregnancy hormones talking, and I'm sure I'll be okay soon.
That moment when you're not sure what test is tomorrow so you cram all of this useless knowledge into your brain UGH :(	I have to learn a lot for this test, and even if it's not useful I still value the knowledge
I'm just like that Snickers commercial without my kush I'm just not myself!! aggravated nauseated	After class, I'm going to pick up some more kush #Icantwait
Operation find a roommate is failing. I just want someone to live with during grad school frustrated	I hope I can find a good roommate soon as this search is kinda of getting frustrating now.
It hasn't even been a full 2 weeks of school yet and i am already DONE with this homework stuff.	School hasnt been easy since starting but Im sure if I work hard at my homework I can get good grades.
Ticketmaster your website is a horror to use, impossible to navigate, riddled with bad coding and prone to bouts of forgetfulness	I hope I find a better site than Ticketmaster to book all my tickets in the coming days.
I invented the 30 point turn tonight!! I just could not get out of the car park!! empty car park for me next time x	What a challenge I had leaving the car part but I got it done.
editing the never-ending thesis,trying to assess how it has evolved, if all, in the last 12 months. Exhausted. Tired. .	Devoting so much time to my thesis only gives me the certainty that it is becoming excellent.
And in other news, my job has officially given us days we are required to work from home until further notice.	And in other news, my job has officially given us days we are required to work from home until further notice, so we can stay safe.
I'm not much of a cryer, but college makes me want to bawl my fn eyes out.	I'm grateful I get the chance to go to college and receive the education I need to find my career.
I'm laughing at Kyle as he bought a pair of shoes size 9 and 11, I just go to put my new shoes on and they're size 5 and 7	I guess I should know better than to make fun of my friend now my shoes are the wrong sizes too.
Whenever I have a day off I always get asked to work. When can I have fun.	Its rather unfair that I'm asked to work even when its a holiday.
Need to leave town for a while. And stop stressing about everything here. sick tired	Maybe a trip to a different place will help me unwind.
Last few days before are final ever hand in doesn't begin to describe how I feel	Last few days before final. I have to study well
Cannot wait to just go home back to Croydon this weekend and have a 2 weeks rest! So sick of uni atm.. !	Every day I lack less to return to my home and rest from college!!
I have such a short fuse at the minute but then if you will be so annoying.	Even though I'm short fuse right now, I know later I'll be more chill
There's some classes that make me question if coming to college is even worth it!! :'( ugh	There are some classes that make me question to come college
Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday	Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday. I hope I can pull through.
I just wanna go home.. spending new years in the hospital was not on my to-do list tired hurting	I just wanted to go home... Spending New Years in the hospital was not on my to-do list. But I'm thankful I'm alive, and I'll be better soon.
Got very emotional today in Academy over a pair of shoes. It's been a rough couple of days, guys.	Got exceptionally enthusiastic today in Academy over a couple of shoes. It's been a two or three days, folks.
Stressed on really is an eye opener to how Irish people actually deal with stress. Makes you think of what we think is the norm is worth it for what it does to our mental and physical health!	Normalize dealing with stress instead of the current norm
When you just think your getting somewhere and  a 450 bill to fix your car! I hate 2018 with a passion! shiton stabbedinback	I hope the rest of 2018 turns out better for me that the first few months.
I would be grateful if tomorrow could drag past slowly. I have so much to do and so little time	I would be grateful if tomorrow could drag past slowly. I have so much to do and so little time, but that's good for me to learn how to manage my time better!
Feeling stressed and afraid if I do what I want to do that it will make things worse. ugh	Even though I'm scared and stressed, I need to understand that I can't do what I want because it's only going to make things worse.
The fact that I still have so much left to do before finals is ridiculous	I still have so much left to do before finals, but that's an opportunity to learn how to work under pressure.
When you stress before anything happens is the worst feeling cause when it happens you stress even more	One need to cope with stress when it happens, let me not think about it before it happens, as it won't make things any better.
8 days left of high school and I still somehow feel like I can't finish it	There are only 8 days left for high school, I need to stay focused on those last days and everything will be fine.
Sick and tired of being sick and tired Why can't everyone just shutup and get along for awhile.. Damn.	Feeling a bit tired and sick. Would like to be in a noise-free atmosphere for some time.
I never catch a cold and right now I feel like Ive been hit by a bus  Plus being extremely stressed isnt making me feel any better  cold poorly	Need to destress and look after myself so I get over this cold quickly.
That was possibly one of the worst nights of my life and now I have to be up early to take this baby with to church..	I have to be up early, and I have had an awful night but at least I am doing a good thing in looking after the baby.
I think my OCD is acting up, I desperately want to fix the toilet paper roll at a public bathroom and can't :x	It's time to see a doctor about these recent OCD issues I have and hopefully get treated so that I can avoid any potential issues outside.
I'm sorry but a double header in 4 and a half hours is not do-able!	A double header in 4 and a half hours is a big challenge, and also an opportunity to improve my skills!
i thought i had room in my suitcase for my makeup and then i finished packing my clothes and now i don't and i am	Obviously, I lift so much in my suitcase, it wouldn't fit even my makeup. I will take something that is no longer important.
When my room is so messy that I start having anxiety from looking at it <;<;	It's time for me to clean and organize my room.
Can't cope with the bingo already, I'm so confused and the game hasn't even started	Playing bingo does not seem to be easy, but I hope to get the hang of it very soon.
I can do this, I can do this!! Oh crap, still one more to go :(	There is still a lot to do, but I can do it. Keep trying until you get it.
How did I not think of this teacher until now to write me a recommendation letter? Ugh my mind is everywhere lately.	Mistakes are normal, now I know that I can rely on this teacher for the future.
So much to do so little time! College and life have me stretched to the max.	I hope I am able to juggle my college and personal life in the coming days so that I can manage them both well.
Trying not to let the little things stress me out But are they little things?	Trying not to let the little things stress me out, because I have a lot of good things that makes me happy!
What do you do when youre stressed in the middle of the night? I clean the bathroom	Cleaning the bathroom helps me improve my stress at night!
Let's play my favorite game: did I do something wrong or am I just over-thinking the situation?	Even though I may be a nervous wreck, I know that my thoughts aren't truly who I am.
I seriously need a break from this school and work thing, im always on the go	I can't wait till I get to have a nice break I deserve one.
The way my life is right now I think I need an alcoholic beverage or 10!	I am well due for a nice break and a few drinks.
I swear Im a mess. I miss how organized I use to be with my social medias	Now I am not that organized as I was in social medias before. I hope to improve and be organized again.
The text I'd like from coach:"no practice today, it's going to be a long week. Get your homework done."	I would prefer not have practice today and just do my homework, but I know it's important to practice
When you've had the worst day ever and you come home and try to relax.nothing better than a cheeky wank to de-stress	I hope I get a good night's rest after the wank so that I can have a fresh start to the day tomorrow.
Why don't they have a Starbucks in the Austin airport. No one likes Austin java. tired	It would be nice if they had a Starbucks in Austin airport.
planned to have a big fruit salad w/ dinner. but thanks to ncstate basketball i'm forced to drink just grapes. wineandwolfpack	I planned only big fruit salad in dinner.
The constant headache of life is getting to me I hate decisions and know I just need a fresh start	Life is getting me down, but I'm looking at it as an opportunity for a fresh start.
Gonna crash so hard tonight considering I'm running on about two hours of sleep.. unilife studiedallnight	Gonna crash so hard tonight but, I can do good on exams.
Just because my packet was sticking out of my bag doesn't mean I was cheating on my test.	My packet was sticking out of my bag. That doesn't necessarily mean I was cheating, but I'm ready to face any consequences and learn from this situation.
These next few months are definitely the test as to whether I can organise my life	I have a few months to sort out my life but I know I can do it.
My bedroom looks like a tornado has hit it!! Just dnt no where to start!! IHatePacking Stressed	My bedroom looks like a tornado has hit it! However, I am thankful that I have one in the first place.
OneBreak would be fantastic once in a while. I'm exhausted and tired of doing this	I'm so exhausted I could say I'm tired of tomorrow. Can't wait for a break.
Sorry to anyone who tries to contact me in the next 15-20 minutes. I will be unavailable and relaxing in the tanning bed.	Turning off my phone and going to have a lovely relax in the tanning bed, can't wait to get my tan.
On Some Real My Shoes Ain't Fitting Coach Just Start Playing Me Stressed Feeling Like Devon	I know coach is hard on me, but that's because he wants the best out of me.
Anxiety in a mans heart weighs him down, but a good word makes him glad	Good words make me happy
Whoever said you don't need to choose a major till junior year is a dirty liar	Choosing a major early is always a better idea.
Can't wait for wednesday to finally have a few days of not having to write papers.	I'm finishing writing my articles, soon I'll be free.
This week has been crazy! I feel like i've gotten a lot done and nothing done all at the same time confused - plus, room's a mess	Even though this week has been insane, at least I still have time to clean my room and organize!
I predicted tonight before the game started that it would go extra innings and we would see Kersh in the 10th.  I hope that I am wrong! Dodgers	Made a prediction about the team so either our teams right or Im good at predictions. Both is a win.
It's one thing to worry about yourself, but it's a whole other ball game to worry about your family driving in the storm.	Doesn't make sense to be worried about my family driving in the storm. If I trust myself in a similar situation, why should I underestimate them?
Imagine I didn't wake up in the middle of the night to schedule psga EBoard meetings? officemanagetlife devoted crazy	Im constantly working but I really have shown how driven and motivated I am working all the time.
I just need some quiet and I can't get that because the tv downstairs is so loud, I can hear it over my noisy shower. mad	After my talk with my roommate hopefully hell begin turning down the tv.
Ahhhh I'm so tired cba for anything! Can't wait to have a glass of wine later	A glass of wine would help me get over my tiredness.
I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and don't see it anywhere on my account :/	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I hope somebody will help me find it.
When you're trying to not to be homeless, but the people in charge of getting you housing are ignoring you. Frustrated	I am hoping to hear from someone soon about housing.
if they don't have an elevated surface emoji before the spring game on saturday i am going to FLIP OUT :/	I'm going to be disappointed if there isn't an elevated surface emoji by the time the big game comes around!
connecting flight from MUC >; AMS delayed due to weather conditions caused my friend and I to miss connection to JFK. Need help rebooking transfer flight! Please help.	I am going to take the best nap on the plane though.
Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Rushing to wrap up my responsibilities. wish me luck!!	Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Hope good thing will happen.
Just gonna crawl into a hole and never come out! I'm so done with everything! stressed	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.
Running around like a chicken with my head cut off! So much to do! So little time. scatterbrain	I am having many works I should complete it soon.
Tomorrow I will sit for the most difficult subject's exam :o O dear God plzz help meee	I am sure God will help me when I sit for the most difficult subjects exam tomorrow.
Never been so tired in my life, all this course work + training is not the one tired	I am learning a lot from my coursework and training.
Now that the game is over I can probably go to bed, in case I decide to go into work tomorrow. decisions	Now it's time to go to bed. I might go to work tomorrow.
Getting so close to a product lunch, I can only describe my daily feelings as feeling pumped or stressed out . Several Cups of gets me through the day	I am feeling stressed about the product launch but at least the product will be launched so that's good.
Of course my cars fucks up when my dad moves 500 miles away and cant fix it annoyed	I am upset that my dad is too far away to fix my car, but I can just take it to a mechanic.
I hate wen ppl tell me wat they doin wen I ain't ask ahahahahaha. .	I hope people understand when they have to speak about their activities.
I am not mentally or physically able to have ANY of my teams in championship games	Still I am not able to have any of my teams in championship games I think it takes time
Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. exhausted restless	Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. Realizing that is half the battle though.
The amount of geography that I have to learn in the next 14 hours is disgusting  leavingcert	The amount of geography that I have to learn in the next 14 hours will help me be better
Keep having dreams about History coursework result - I don't get it until March :|	I am happy that I finally understood the content of history, I was not understanding it until then.
friends becomes others when they are in need of a help :/ feeling tired bad helpless :|	I'm pretty sure someone in need is going to try to do anything to fix his/her life, I just need to be more patient around people.
Why do I have to be sick on a day that's cramed full of stuff I gotta do?!	I know I can get through today and get some well-deserved rest when it's over.
What to do, what to do. I can't take this anymore.. to the max depressed hate this feeling	RIght now, I feel depressed, but I know this feeling will pass.
tomorrow will be the death of me. ! At least I get to watch the	Tomorrow will be a more challenging day, but I am up to the challenge and I get to watch some decent stuff, so there's something to look forward to.
we've got to wait until next week for an engineer to sort out our internet! Useless! I need it for my studies!	Our internet is not working right now, but I know that I can find another way to access the internet so that I can do my studies.
Sat in traffic for people slowing down to witness a broken down limo w the groomsman group stranded. Wouldn't wanna be that bride.	Bring stuck in traffic today allowed me to watch a really unusual scene with a limo broken down on the way to the wedding.
the place i ordered my dress from sold it right after i got off the phone with them i'm very sad and and	The good thing about this situation is that the store that sold my dress is not the only clothing store in the world.
With information on education being released by the Government regularly, many schools and teachers are left stressed and confused	With a lot of information being released by the government about education, it is natural that schools and teachers were stressed and confused, but it is necessary to understand that this information is to help, not confuse.
When your connect fails to get you the hook up they stay talking about and you get nothing	My contact wasn't able to get me the hookup they were talking about but at least they tried.
If anyone does anything to piss me off even a little bit i'ma go off	If anyone irritates me I will be very sad.
Watching Free Willy this morning and gets all worked up and asks tv, "How long is Willy ok out of water?!	I was worried when I watched Free Willy but I know it's just a movie
Why are men so god damn infuriating at times! Honestly I could pack up and piss off	Sometimes, men dont behave properly, and I wish I could pack up and move away.
So. Either my e-mail is broken or I've become a pariah, both of which suck.	my e-mail is broken, i'll have trouble to fix it,
The fact that some people think Nigerians are the cause of their unfortunate lives stresses me out. You are probably unfortunate because you are an oloriburuku.	People make stupid comments about Nigerians, the right thing is for me not to listen to them
i needed to set up this twitter and I'm not good with technology so it gets me .	I hope to succeed in setting up this Twitter account though I am not good in technology.It will help me improve further.
It's 7 PM and I'm still at work marking student assignments and I'm hungry and outside it's raining and cold.	It's 7 PM, I'm still at work marking student assignments, and I'm hungry and cold, but that happens every day, so It's okay.
I wish I could just bury my head under the pillow for a few months :(	Even though I'd like to hide right now, I'm thankful I have the strength to fight my battles.
it shouldn't matter how I spend my credit from your error. Miles plus cash tickets should qualify as well as cash tickets.	There are errors which happen related to credit but mistakes happen in life so it's normal.
Literally going through 4 different Black Friday ads trying to figure out what I need to get and what time.	Literally going through 4 different Black Friday I need to get and what time.
I hate it when I have so much to do and there so many things going on at once.	Even though there is much going on, I'm very certain that I will make it all work.
Not sure if the decisions I've made in the past two years will benefit me in the future	I hope that the decisions I've made these past to years will benefit my future.
In serious need of motivation to study for midterms. I have so much work to do today	I need to study and get that out of the way, so I can go home and rest!
12 and down had a half day today so 10 is playing with 2 outside, 7 came home with a Make Your Day slip (she got in trouble), and 12 brought her friend home. Ok, I can do this. momlife	After a long day taking care of my kids I will be able to relax and have a little "me" time!
Almost had a heart attack thinking my homework was due tonight and I left my backpack at work. But it's due tomorrow.	I got worried thinking my homework was due tonight, and I left my backpack at work. But fortunately, it's due tomorrow.
After a day like today, it's good to have some positive vibes come my way Stressed OverThinking	Always be grateful to have finished another day
Shopping for clothes while 8 months pregnant is THEE WORST!!! Ughhh and I don't do maternity clothes they are UGLY	I'm so lucky that maternity clothes exist they might not be the most attractive but at least they fit.
i think ill eat my right hand if this computing project doesnt work for me soon	I should maintain patience until my computing project works.
So, today is a day to go down in the books as one of the worst days of my life!! upset pissed	The "worst" only exists because of the "better" 's existence. In this way, I have no doubt the unfortunate days will over.
SCHOOL SUCKS IN NOVEMBER ! So stressful  not enough time for everything ahhhhhhhh . nosleepnovember	School can be very busy in November, but I know we'll all get through this month together and enjoy the rest of the year.
I've come to the point where I just give up on school. I need spring break. school is just too much right now	i know i'll be better after spring break, so i need to focus on school and learn more.
Spent hours at the lawyer's today.my neck/shoulders are so sore from, I think, stress and being tense. Must've signed my name a zillion times (Ok I'm exaggerating but 'twas a LOT) lawyer grief	I'm so happy I'm done with all the paperwork, not I get to relax and enjoy my week!
wish I could just sleep all day and my life away in winnipeg until I'm somewhere over seas depressingtweet annoyed	Even though I wish I was somewhere else, I'm glad I'm able to get some sleep and rest.
I swear if my boss ever goes out of town and leaves me with people that don't know how to work the store again I'll go crazy!	If my boss goes out of town again it will be a good opportunity to practice patience with my coworkers!
imma say like my bro i've been thru "Dark Days, n Darker Nights" dipressed bt i learned 2 depend on God!	Difficult situations have taught me that God is the only one who can really help me.
long test + research exam + last day of clearance + step up culminating today!! hassle :(((((" book reports pa	Today's the day where I'm done with my long ap test, my research exam, finish clearance and book report!
Just a day an a half . Day an a half CheerCamp2014 people ugh nolike	Not having the best time at cheer camp but I will know for next time that Im not a fan.
all nighter: - 2 essays - ap make ups - asb STUPID Packet - asb makeup - trig flm	Busy night will only fill me with big prizes After my hard work.
I hate nosebleeds! I would of thought I'd be more relaxed now the holidays have started?:/	I am going to find out how to prevent more nosebleeds so that I can enjoy the holidays.
Trying to mentally prepare myself for an 11 hour work day tomorrow and all I'm really accomplishing is excessive anxiety tired	I just need to tell myself after my 11 hour work day tomorrow, I will be able to sit back and relax.
I care far to much about what other people think to the point I get panic attacks.	I care about people opinion so I can be a better human being.
trying to find somewhere to live is so fun. not. anyone renting a room in Exeter feel free to message me.	I need to rent a room in Exeter.
Trying to not have a nervous breakdown over the Texas to Mississippi road trip on Saturday scary	Trying not to have a nervous breakdown over the Texas mississippi road I have to prepare my mind for that.
Mom doing a cookie swap a at work during exam period was probably the worst thing for me yummy	I'm grateful for my mom to give me food during work, but I need to improve my communication to avoid having a cookie swap during the exam period.
Continuously facing obstacles in my life is really starting to take a toll on me	I'm learning to deal with the obstacles in my life, it might be tiring, but I will keep trying.
Longest day at work. How will I ever be focused enough on my writing for CampNaNoWriMo tomorrow?!	Work is very long and difficult but one day I will be rich because of it!
Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :(	I hope there is not too much homework waiting for me when I go back to school next week.
If anything else goes wrong I'm gunna knock life on the head, not worth it.	On the off chance that whatever else turns out badly I'm go thump life on the head, not awesome.
Driving with my dad is so frustrating, he doesn't know how to give proper instructions	I hope my dad starts to give proper instructions while driving.
I'm missing Noah.. I'll might call in tomorrow night after hockey and I'll explain.. allgood	After hockey, I will call and explain. Missing you Noah. I am good, hoping all is good with you.
I think when I transferred external hard drives iPhoto lost over 7500 of my pics.	I hope I am able to recover over 7500 of my pics that are presently missing after I transferred it from external hard drives.
horrible moment when you think you have learned your lines but there is actually a whole page you forgot to upload actorserror	When you think you've learned your lines but there is actually a whole page you forgot to upload! Lots to learn for actors from these kind of errors and be more careful.
Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense = bad experience omr ECR what you doing to educate?	Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense. I have to learn to be calm in traffic
Elearning and AMS are gonna be down for how long? Urgently need notes for tomorrow's CAT..!	I'm sure that Elearning and AMS will be up and running soon and then I can get some notes so I'm super prepared tomorrow.
Essay writing, radio documentary making, lack of journalism jobs induced insomnia is the worst whydidileavefinance journalism	Financial journalism gave me the opportunity to realize that I have the tenacity to do hard work, which is why I love it!
This sucks i need to make my mind up for a career now :( being an adult sucks.	I need to decide what career I'm going to go into. I have a lot of choices.
Rainy miserable day in Aberdeen this morning. The weather must know I have an exam tomorrow	The weather is bad and I have an exam tomorrow but after tomorrow it will be all over.
It's hard to focus on school when one after the other of my family is in and out of the hospital	Im glad I have a good education so ill have momey to support my family in the future
just got home from work. i am uber tired. I can't even imagine having to study for tomorrow's exam.	I am tired after my days work, and I hope I can freshen up a bit and study for tomorrows exam.
Final semester of chef schools. It all boils down to the next month Excited Nervous Anxious	I am all excited to be in the final semester of chef schools which ends up in the next month.
There must be something wrong me with as I'm hungry but don't fancy eating anything! fedup	I'm hungry, but I don't have much of an appetite right now so hopefully later I will!
I feel like I'm gonna be sick to my stomach all weekend.. Why do people have to be so crazy	I have been sick all weekend because of working with difficult people. I need to learn to stress less about them.
Some people lose sleep when stressed. lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.	Not performing well when stressed is normal but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.
Eish, im back to square one. New twitter account, lost my pin of the previous account. I really hate this	I made a new Twitter account, because I lost my pin of the previous account, but that's okay, it can happen to anyone
There's so much pressure to decide what I want to do with my life, I can't just decide on the spot frustrated	I know that I will figure out what to do with my life, I have enough time to think about it!
So annoying sitting In this seminar doing nothing, when I could be doing the 5 essays that are due in on Friday!!! fml unilife	It's bothers me a little to sit through this long seminars, but I know they are really important for my education so I will pay attention.
Today I got the worse news of my life. And tomorrow I have to take the biggest test of my life.	Despite the news they gave me, I have a big test to do tomorrow.
tears tired dead I NEED A MIRACLE you will be alright!! U knw the stuff, don't panic man :)	Anyone want to see a movie tonight? I need to clear my head.
Struggling to keep my eyes open :( pushedmyself feelingsick tired headache pain backpain ribpain sore	Struggling to keep my eyes open, pushed myself a little too hard, need to learn how to pace myself!
The combined stress from events in the past year is going to end up killing me. I'll either go mad or I'll have a heart attack.	I can't wait to put the events of the past year behind me and get in a better shape both mentally and physically.
If I have to look at the same apartments popping up over and over again I'm gonna chuck my phone across the room!	The same apartments keep popping up in my search. Maybe I should take that as a sign.
I wanna sleep for like 8 days straight and I feel like at this moment in my life I could	So tired. Gonna sleep for 8 days
any chance of a retweet for me and my friend exams in less than 2 weeks..	Once exams are over I will get to enjoy so much time with my friends!
With around 9 weeks left on my degree is it too late to drop out?  fuckdeadlines Agriculture	It's around 9 weeks left on my degree, and sometimes I feel I want to drop out. But I'm stronger than this, so I'll keep going, and everything will be fine.
Not a good introduction to 1st time booking and its been cancelled with no explanation and apparently the refund has been processed to an expired card??!! confused	I'm having a challenging time with this transaction, so I'm going to find a different company to work with.
On top of being so behind at school from being sick I have a ton of invitations I need to send out!	I have a lot of work to carch up on at school and several invitations to send out
Can't I make it through one day without having some sort of headache. done frustrated	Tomorrow I'll have a day with no frustrations!
Sometimes all you can do is laugh at how much of an idiot you are	Laughter is the best medicine.
ugh, i seriously just want to hit some people with my car sometimes not really.. but kindaaaaa.	I need to learn to be more patient and deal with my anger in a better way.
Sick baby and now sick mama ,hopefully I'll b able to stay up and tweet with u guys!! Could def use a laugh	My baby and I are sick, but we will both be better really soon.
I got hit with the worst cold. I'm so stuffed up and my head is feeling like a million pounds, but I have so much work to do	I hope I get my health sorted out soon so that I can start finishing all my pending work.
Laptop, you fail. When I need you, Windows decides to configure itself and shut down for an hour. Just stop. Now. I need to print!	My computer is giving me issues but I just have to be patient to let it configure itself and it will be up and working in no time.
Wtf the movers will be here at 9, and it'll take 2 hours to finish it.	Im so lucky that I can get movers to sort out this move two hours and it will be sorted.
I'm sorry that I don't have a plan to become a brain surgeon but please get off my back	Not everyone becomes a brain surgeon because people should do different things.
You know it's been a bad day when you crack open the gin at 5pm	A gin at 5 p.m is a good relaxation for a bad day.
How am I suppose to just decide what I want to do for the rest of my life confused	I hope to find a way to decide what I want to do for the rest of my life.
There is nowhere on this campus for me to study with a quiet atmosphere frustrated annoyed	I still haven't found any place on this campus for me to study with a peaceful atmosphere.
Wednesday stressed anxiety Traffic train car tired When it all gets too much we are here to help	Wednesday? Stressed? Anxiety? Traffic? Train? Car? Tired? If you're feeling a little worn, we are here to help!
The amount of things I have to memorize for my new job is ridiculous.  workflow	My new job offers opportunities to improve my memory.
I'm tired not physically but mentally and I'm stuck time to plan my next move hopeful	I am somewhat tired, and its time to make my next move.
It will be a miracle if I can make it through the next 24 hours without breaking down or hurting someone.	I'm going to do my best to control my emotions today.
This week went by fast yet slow at the same time. I'm just tryin to make it through finals week next week.	I'll do my best so I can make a good finals next week
A week from now I'm going to be the most hated person on the planet  noreallythough	People maybe upset at me next week, but I'll still love myself.
I'm so stressed right now I just wish everything would go back to the way it used to be.. tired! !	I'm so stressed right now. I have someone to help me.
Well guys my phone just broke. I don't know how to feel about that. I dropped it like an idiot and it broke. I'm glad it didnt break a lot. Well I'm even more stressed than before  idiots	Well guys my phone just broke but at least I can still use it to tell you what happened.
Pissed off a lot lately kinda just have that eff it attitude lately pissed whatswrongwithme pain leaking out	Even though I've been angry lately, I've been feeling extremely thankful, all things considered.
Annoying when the dress you want is out of stock until March 2016.. Need a plan B for Saturday	When the dress you'd like is out of stock until March 2016 can be frustrating. I need to start making a point of planning ahead.
That time I thought my phone was in the washing machine and tore it open like a mad womanoverreaction	That time I thought my phone was in the washing machine and tore it open like a mad woman- I was so glad it wasn't in there after all.
It's very hard to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months	It is not very easy to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months, but it is possible with some hard work.
Finals and reports and all of these things that are completely useless are due this next two weeks.	If I work hard right now, I can deliver my reports and my reports by the two-week deadline.
Why is it we take our anger out on those we love the most? confused	I'm going to learn how to control my temper.
I Tell You Maths Is Going To Eat Me Up And Sh!t Me Back Out..:'(	I'm a little worried about math but I'm just going to study and do my best.
Ive hit this wall and I cant get past it. I dont know if its covid fatigue or just not knowing whats coming next. Feels like Im hanging on by a thread.	Although I feel insecure about the future, and covid fatigue has taken a toll on me, I'll do my best to get through these hard times
When Chris Young is on one station and George Strait is on the other ToughDecisions TheStruggle	It's great to have so much good music to choose between.
why do i always need to pee during this class, like no i dont want to get up in front of 500 people to empty my bladder..	I should start going to the loo before class so that I don't have to pee during class.
Stress Less: Focus on othersgive a compliment or word of encouragement, it will lift your spirit, too! gethealthy	Focus on your positives, you are capable and worth it! Keep improving a living a healthy life!
A half a pint of Ben and Jerry's and now it's bedtime so this day can end longday	I'm glad I can spend the end of my day with a good bowl of ice cream.
There still something wrong at. My problem still not resolved. kashflow nightmare wasteofmytime deadend waiting	I just need to keep working on myself until I find it wrong.
Why is it so impossible for everything to just work out the way I want? frustrated	I have to learn to deal with situations when they don't turn out as I want, always trying to improve
so tomorrow is the US History EOC and I'm so nervous because I forgot everything it seems like.	I am nervous for my History EOC but I am confident in my skills.
Feeling stressed ? 23 percent of Americans have no paid vacations and no paid holidays. The average American worker receives 10 days of paid vacation per year. European countries, by contrast, mandate that employers offer at least 20 days a year. How many do you get?	Even if Americans don't get many dais of paid vacations and holidays at least they have high wages.
Everyday something new comes, and everyday I think it can't get any worse. Then it does. givemeabreak	I know that everything bad is temporary and better things will come!
Question of the day: why are there 2 shocked face emojis but one has eyebrows and the other doesn't?	These new emoji's look interesting
Soo tired. Went to bed @ 0130, woke up for pt @ 0530, mid term in an hour.	I hope I get a good night's sleep after I am done with my midterm.
I hate having Latin first period. It messes up my brain for the rest of the day	I am glad that the Latin period is over first thing in the morning. The rest of the day should be a breeze.
Registering for school, new set of tires, tune up, maybe a new alternator, car insurance and tune up kit. Ugh expensive broke :(	I hope to succeed in meeting my financial needs, registering for school, new set of tires, tune up, a new alternator, car insurance and so on.
to miss my state qualification soccer game against my old team and leave late to Florida or to miss it????	I have some tough choices to make between my state qualification or my trip to Florida, but I love both of my choices!
so behind in school and just got told that 2 of my assignments were plagiarized when I completely wrote them myself	I need to start organizing my work at school and start getting ahead of the schedule quick enough.
eekkk this weekend is here i feel like Ive been counting down to this for months nervous	The weekend is finally here. I've been waiting for this for months. I'm as ready as I'll ever be.
An hour wait for the train, may as well have a cheeky vodka n lemonade in wethers	Waiting for the train can be boring but it will come at some time at least.
I got put on standby while my other 6 family members have seats. The end of my vacation has come to a stressful end as I hope I can get onto the the flight. Way to ruin it standby	Next time we book flights for our family vacation, I'm going to make sure there are no standbys, and we have room to handle any of these issues.
The fact that the 5 books I need for this semester cost 900 dollars is crazy. Why are books so expensive?	Books have gotten expensive, but I know they'll help me achieve my bachelors degree.
I feel like it's finals week all over again. Yay for having 2 tests tomorrow and 2 tests on Friday!	Getting as prepared as possible for the 4 tests I'll take this week!
man i wanna drop out of high school(ISWARETOGOD) highschool is so mothafuckin complicated!.!..! and dumb	High school is very tough, and I would be happy to drop out of it.
wow im really not good with making decisions when it comes to material things , hair and allat	Even though I have tough choices to make, I'm glad I'm glad I'm able to make such hard decisions.
Real talk if I won't worried about these stupid randoms. I would roll up right now cause I need that ish	I will not worry about these things because I got more important things to do.
I just need it to be this weekend so I can go to a party and have lots of fun.	Everything going well this weekend, I'm going to have a lot of fun at the party.
When the crap am I going to find time to do all of this stuff?! D:	Looking for time only takes time, so sometimes I need to do things at that very moment.
ME WITH A GUN AINT NEVER GOOD FOR ANYONE NOT EVEN MYSELF DONTBOTHERME LEAVEMEALONE MAD	After I spend time alone I will feel better.
Went up to view our new unfurnished flat 2day only to find it furnished, random ourfurniturecoming2moro 2lotsoffurniture .com	View our new unfurnished flat 2day only to find it furnished
STFU! -_- it's already 2AM MY GOSH! they Keepin' On SINGING! -_- and btw hello mindgraine?! -_-  feeling annoyed	They are singing for a long time, I must tolerate this.
I don't like being at home with no laptop and going down to the wire.	I hope I am able to buy a new laptop so that I can work in peace.
Paying my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage is my best choice in a while	I paid my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage; she is excellent!
Literally can't wait till exams are over! GCSES are killing me! exams gcse gonna fail!	I am eagerly waiting for these stressful GCSES to be over, so that I can set out to enjoy with my friends.
Never had so many issues trying to get home from the hospital in my life	I had issues coming home from the hospital but at least I am out so that's good.
I hate being the only person that's stressing out! I dot know how people stay so calm but u can't and it pisses me off	Am I the only one stressing out? I'm going to get through this and learn to stay very calm like many of the others!
I went from being a veteranarian to a fashion buyer to psychologist, now I just have no clue..so I think ill take a nap	I've accomplished a lot and will continue to do so after this quick nap.
I want a peircing , that usually takes my mind off alot . butstillblessed !!!	I really want a piercing, it is always on my mind
I just feel emotionally broken I feel over whelmed and very stressed how can I fix this? needhelp	Right now I feel emotionally broken, overwhelmed and stressed. But, I'm going to get professional help, and I'm sure I'll be fine.
Need another holiday to de-stress. Been back in the UK less than 9hrs and already worse than when we left. .	Been back in the UK for 9 hours and I can't wait for my next holiday.
Is it bad to say that I kind of hate senior year? I have no time to do anything. swamped	It's hard to find time to do anything during senior year.
I'm fking tired and stressed, stupid coffee is not doing it for me ,I'm switching to whisky !	I will be happier after this drink of whisky!
When you're all chokes up about something and your throat becomes dry and it's hard to swallow. <;<;	When you're all choked up about something, and you start feeling the emotion manifest in your body
Worse part about dating another college student is that he's stressed out too :-( damnfinals ijustwantahug	Dating a student is good, because he knows the difficulties and knows that it's no use getting stressed.
why do you need to make it so difficult for a replacement or refund when obviously I put the right address when ordering and then I see its one number off. Unbelievable! This was a Christmas gift and needed it soon and now I have to go through a process.	I hope I am done with this online shopping process soon so that I can go buy something at the store and get some peace of mind.
stressed RT : My family went to New York for the Super Bowl and I'm here at work.	I will go with my family next time they go see the super bowl!
Have had the day off to get organised for the weekend and I've done nothing!?!?	I had a great Day off to rest, I will have a more productive day tomorrow.
Every time I think I'm ahead of things, I always end up 10 steps behind.	Sometimes life surprises me by setting me back a little, but I know that I can always recover and get back on my feet
Our cat has a new hobby. Bringing in animals, Today's treasure was a bird. Not sure if this is to do with being On a diet	Our cat started bringing in animals recently, I think it's cute that It's trying to help our household by hunting
my date better fucking buy his tux. i did not pay his ass to come for nothing	Even though my date might not have a tux at least I have a date so that's good.
I know its stupid but Ive always had things I want to do by the age of milestones and it really upsets me when I dont make them happen. Ive been in such a bad mood all day even though I have around a year and a half until Im 30. Pure pointless panic.	There was a lot I wanted to do at the age of milestones but honestly I'm grateful for the things I've done in the meantime of almost 30 years.
So happy to be in bed after one of the worst days at work!! tired	Today was a rough day at work, but I'm happy to be in bed now, and that's what matters!
I'm always surrounded by friends and family, so why do I feel so alone? worstfeeling	I feel a bit lonely even though I am surrounded by family and friends but they can help me get over this feeling.
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness."	You can be proud of your mental wellnesss when you are able to be in the present moment.
When your week cant get any worse and no world this is not a challenge!	It seems it must be time for things to start looking up.
Just say what you want to say. Life is hard enough, I don't need added tensions right now.	You can voice out your opinion and I hope to avoid tensions in life.
Do you feel trapped, like you cant get out? Spend your day thinking of things you never thought you could think about. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ	I will make myself feel free even when I am not because I have courage and I can do always better.
I knew I was impatient but jeez think i may have jumped too soon this time!	But hey, sometimes quick and impulsive is the way to go. Early bird getting the worm and all that!
Aaaaand now my candidacy may be getting moved 2 months EARLIER than planned. Aaaaand I've hardly started on it RealTimeChem	I really have to buckle down and work hard on my candidacy, so I can get through it.
I am so tired and so much to do today. With a lot on my mind	I'm tired and have a lot on my mind, but I know this will be over tomorrow.
I seriously need one day off of school to just do homework all day long..	Once my homework gets caught up things will be much smoother.
Just my luck!!! I MISS THE FREAKING BUS and HAVE TO WAIT AN HOUR OUTSIDE IN THE FREEZING COLD! NOW IM STUCK BY A TRAIN!!!! REALLY?!	I hope my luck turns around during the day and the rest of the day turns out better.
Spending months upon months working on a party that is only for 3 hours is ridiculous. Graduation is overrated.	Planning is hard but I can't wait for the party.  It's going to be so fun!
Been staying up till 1 or 2 am every night for the past 2 weeksneedless to say, I'm exhausted tired	I've been staying up late a lot, so I'm making a goal to get to bed earlier.
Prom is mad close and I don't have a date or haven't looked for my dress or anything	I'm so excited for prom, need to find myself a dress and a date.
Need to get myself organised. Baby Granty due is 2 months and Mine and wedding in 6 months	It's going to be great to be all organized when baby Granty arrives in 2 months and my wedding in 6 months.
I literally just want to go sit in the shower and cry for 18 hours.	I feel like sitting in the shower and crying for 18 hours. But I know I have to come out of this feeling at some point of time.
If I can "look back at life" at the age of 19 what does that tell you?	Looking back at life might be somewhat hard for everyone so it is normal to be for me too.
Why is it so hard to get back on it! Easters messed me up bet I've put like 5lb on	Although Easters is a great time for celebration with food, I need to keep a tab on the weight gained as a result thereof!
I'm seriously about to cry. Have to write a 6-8 page essay due in 7 hours only got the first two paragraphs finalsweek	I have to write a 6-8 page essay in 7 hours and I have already finished two paragraphs. I am confident I can complete it before the stipulated time.
Even tho I quit long time agoI feel like smoking right now..guess cuz all I do is work slave hours and goto school tired	School and work keep me so busy I guess I am staying out of other trouble.
Can I just go back to Western Civ when the biggest tragedy was forgetting where Asia Minor was?	I love the idea of western civ its great that historians make it possible to learn about it.
Kbs Mad at me and Im not sure if that forbids me from tagging her in memes	Kb won't be mad at me for long
that they don't show an overnight order for me at all. seriously frustrated pissed annoyed ihatecomcast	I am a bit upset that they dont show me an overnight order, but still I hope to get one soon.
This semester is by far the worst. I cannot handle all this crap ugh. Never enough time.	This semester may be the worst but I am thankful for the vast amount of knowledge gained during this semester.
I dont think ill have enough money to get people Christmas present like i wanted depressed	I might have to get people cheaper Christmas presents but I am sure I can get everyone something.
this stuffy nose shxt gota go -_- I'm like completely unable to breath out my mouth , I'm dying	I have a stuffy nose, and I can't breathe out my mouth, but I'll use a nasal decongestant and get better.
these moments i am to breakdown because of other people's deeds. problems here, problems there. problems everywhere.	Other people can make life tricky sometimes but part of life is knowing how to get on with others and I will get better in time.
I'm beginning to feel like I'm cursed! Whenever I really need a bus, one doesn't show! I need to get to my sick toddler at nursery and the number 7 fails to show again! Juat cant rely on the service!	I hope the bus number 7 would arrive soon as I have to reach my sick toddler in the nursery on time. I wish they would be more punctual.
Why does everything have to effing revolve around money?! Makes for bad conversation I tell ya frustrated	I'm glad that I'm financially savvy so that I don't have to worry about money.
Exhausted. And finally starting to feel like I don't have enough time to get everything done.	I need to start managing my time more wisely.
I swear I hate my life. I just want more than an hours sleep. Just fucking go to sleep	I need to get into a healthy sleep schedule.
I cant believe I still dont know what I wanna do when im older depressing	I hope to find something interesting to do in my old age.
Honestly hate when ppl hit you up last minute with plans nd you happen to be busy for the first time in your life <;<; ugh	My friend asked me if I wanted to go out but I'm busy.  I'll let them know I can hang out sometime later.
The anxiety of these dr appointments and the crunch for time from getting between them is only making it worse	It will sure be a relief when my doctor's appointments are over, and I can be feeling better.
Where the fuck can u get A3 card from? Running round town like an iddiot and theres none anywhere	It sure is tough to get a A3 card. Can someone help hook me up soon?
I hate when people complain about stuff when all of us are going through the same shit	It can be concerning when people complain about stuff when all of us are going through the same problems, but time has shown that they will grow out of that/
Spent my whole evening so far looking for something to wear to my works xmas night out. stressed! Its making me not want to go :(	Looking for something to wear for a Xmas work night out. Too many options
I wish there was some way to know if I'm making the right decisions.. confused	I wish to a find a means to find out if I am making the right decisions.
Thinking about this crazy week I have ahead of me literally gives me a migraine. readytobedone sos	I'm quite excited by the thoughts of how much fun this week has in store for me.
So frustrated with all theses finals Why does it feel like its only going to get worse	These finals seem to be frustrating, but I hope the situation would improve for the better.
Just need to relax but work hard. How does that make sense. Im so stressed.	I am stressed, but have to work hard. A good relaxation would lift my spirits.
I just need to sleep! And thn i need anoter week of brek for just family time! seriously	I need to sleep and also another week of break for just family time, but I'm sure this will happen soon!
My Eyes look sooo ugly.i got bags under my eyeslooks like ima be wearing shades all summer	My Eyes are not looking great right now .i got bags under my eyeslooks but after some rest they are going to look better
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call wasteofmoney	There's nothing I can do but accept the waste of money.
My twitter account is being stupid, apparently my email on my account isn't valid or the one I actually use. WTF.	I hope my issues with Twitter is fixed soon so that I can get to browse Twitter soon.
Quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger. Just what I need right about now.	I'm thankful for the way I am, I am patient, and I listen to other's people problems.
People need to quit asking me to do stuff I'm tired of helping everyone out and not getting anyhing.	People keep asking me to do stuff. I'm tired of helping everyone out and not getting anything. At least, I can feel useful.
Prom is in 2 and a half months and we don't have a bus, place to eat, place to take pictures, and I don't have a dress or ticket	There's a lot to do before prom in 2 and a half months, like buy a dress and get tickets. That is definitely enough time to get it completed.
These jobs require experience, but how can you get experience if no one will take you because you have little to no experience	I need to keep trying to apply for jobs Im sure I will get in somewhere.
On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.	Fortunately I will be able to rest in bed in a decent time
This is the time of year when my nails are trimmed/bitten/cut down to the skin nervous	I always get nervous around this time of year, I need to remind myself it will pass.
I HATE math! And maybe I wouldnt hate it so much if the teacher actually taught it! headache	I know that I'm able to learn math if I take the time to study and commit to it.
A cold beer and hot shower combo was exactly what I need after that night. fire	I love to have cold beer and hot shower after that night.
Slowly making progress with my end of year school work! 1 project down 4 to go gettingthere pointlessprojects	Making good progress on my remaining projects, only 4 more to go before I'm done with them all.
I might be over pizza. Maybe I just need a break from it. I need a break from tamales too. Fml, it's so complicated.	Been getting tired of pizza and tamales, may be a great time to find some new food to enjoy and eat.
I have to go clean out my classroom tomorrow. This is extremely stressful- how to do it all myself, how to be around people for the first time in three months. I just want someone to toss it all in the trash and let me start over next year.	I am grateful to have a job, but it is very difficult to think about the fact that I will have to clean my classroom by myself tomorrow. I need to think about the possibility of having a person to help me with this issue.
Need to go to the gym but no rideso running up and down hills will have to do Sad	We must maintain our body.
WHY DID I JUST PLUCK A GREY HAIR FROM MY HEAD!!!! GREY!!! I'm only 20!!!	I just plucked a gray hair from my head. I'm getting older and wiser.
Today in class I felt like my teacher was piling so much homeworkit was unbelievable :'(	My teacher did assign a lot of homework, but it will give me the opportunity to learn more and be ready for any pop quizzes!
Angry tears. I'm fucking fed up. Fuck this test ima fucking fail I can't sleep with these fucking kids bro.! stressed	I will be able to sleep soon if I concentrate.
I seriously feel like there is never enough time for all the things I need to get done	I need to manage my time better, so I'm able to get all my things done.
Welp I just spent my morning running through the airport barefoot to barely catch my flight how was your morning?	I'm glad I made my flight this morning.
Seriouslyif it was an option I dont even no if the whole bottle would cut it.ugh why is life so complicated:'(	I think I deserve to have a bit of a party after not having the best time.
I JUS GT OUT DA HOSPITAL 4 SMOKN N I BEEN UP SINXE 3am SMOKNN SMH. N DWN BAD	My next goal is to quit smoking, so I wont have to be hospitalized due to my smoking habits in the future.
Goodnight all! I have a crazy week ahead with my TEDx talk on Saturday. My brain will focus on nothing else but now sleep time!	Goodnight all! My week will be busy, I better rest now
3 exams in one day, are the exam boards trying to teach me how to faint	3 exams in one day is hard, but I'm tough, and I'll get through this.
I'll often say that I'm "crying" over my paper but tonight, for the first time, real tears were actually shed :'( never been so	This paper almost made me cry but luckily I was able to pull myself together.
What the bloody hell can you wear for a wedding?! I only wear black denim and leopard print	What can you wear for a wedding? I only wear black denim and leopard print, I think it will be fun to try something different.
Got an awful feeling this kid next to me in cinema ain't going to shut up!!! !!!	I don't like that the person near me is talking too much at the movies.
Better idea. Let use my anger to motivate a tornado of work being completed. fuckit	It is better to use my anger as a motivation for completion of work.
Just had the worst sleep of my life and now I have to study all day. Not really sure how I'm gonna do this	Didn't sleep very well, but my studies are very important to me so I'm going to study all day
I've got an essay, 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a Spanish oral all due this week.	This week I have several activities, I hope everything goes well.
Is this some cruel joke my body is playing on me?? Why can't I sleep??	I can't sleep, but I will try to meditate to sleep.
I wish there was more time in day I just have so much to do and no time to do it:(	I wish there was more time in the day because I have so much to do, so I am going to wake up earlier for a while.
You would think now that I have my apartment and all I have to do it move, That I would be stress free .. Wrong	Having your own apartment and moving in, certainly is a challenging experience.
Who wants to gove me a neck and back massage?? Ill pay in beer! hugeheadache	I could really use a massage, and I'm glad I know people who can do it for me.
I have a quiz worth 10% that Im only able to get 9 questions wrong on or I fail the course in my Masters program being an actual educator I would never use this method of assessment. Time to adapt with the times education sendhelp	As an educator myself, I feel that the Masters program's quiz value should be adjusted to better assess its students. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to adapt to the times and work harder.
Gots to do hw that's due tomorrow.. Ugh!!! Idk about all this work and school thing..	Got to do this HW that's due tomorrow. Ugh!!! I'm so tired but it's worth it in the end.
Spending half my day tomorrow at doctor appointments and teen groups.gah I'm not going to have time for anything.	It will be over soon, and I will be relieved.
I feel like giving up on school everyday, but I'm too deep into it to give up!	Though I feel like giving up school, I am unable to do it as I have a strong bond attached to it.
Every Teacher: Oh you're going to be gone for state hockey? Here's four assignments due the day you get back.	I have a crazy amount of assignments to manage around my hocky but thats part of growing up I guess.
Life is so hard to get through when you go through alot, and noone knows how you're really feeling.	Life is always a hard one, we should try to win.
I virtually crushed an entire gallon of Turners Ice Tea from kickoff to the end of the Steelers game	Ice tea is the best, so cool I got to drink an entire gallon of it.
30 hours of work, and 3 tests in one week is not a good combo crashing	After this week's tests I'll be able to rest better and focus more on work
Apologise in advance to those unfortunate enough to be in my company within the next 24 hours! tired foulmood	I'm tired but I'll get some rest eventually and be in a better mood.
Work! What I am gonna have to do for the rest of my life! Well text me! depressed sick tired alone	wow! I was able to complete a busy day!
Can't wait to just get my last few things to be done with finals week and be home.	Just a few more things to finish, and I'll finally be home
Are you stressed because of time debt? Here's how to get a balanced budget by -	If you are stressed because of debt, a budget will help you a lot.
Why so much work at the end of the school yearespecially if we don't have an EOCT in that class! why stupid	Trying to understand... so much work at the end of the school year especially if we don't have an EOCT in this class!
I feel like I've been really productive today. I got everything done that I needed to - that hasn't happened in a while.	Even though I have not been productive for a while at least today I was very productive and that gives me hope that I will be productive in the future too.
Just chilling in the bath. Used some molton brown relaxing bubbles to help me wind down.	I am so thankful that I have time to take a bubble bath.
I've had nothing but one car trouble after the other this summer and Im sick of it!	I ve been having car troubles continuously, and I hope to end this soon.
Even after clearing out 5 large bag full of clothes I still can't fit everything in my wardrobe! Can't wait for new room	Clearing out my wardrobe is proving difficult but I am thankful I have many clothes.
This week is probably the worst one of my semester. I'll be so thankful when it's over.	I am hoping for this bad week of my semester to get over soon.
Everything's due tomorrow and I still need to do my workbook and finish my essays, smh.	I'm going to put my head down tonight and finish all of my work.
Ever have something you really wanna tell someone, but are too afraid to tell them? For fear of losing everyone?	I need to open myself to more people and be honest with myself.
I feel like I should pry go to bed or imma start thinking and than crying..	I would feel better if I stop crying and go to bed.
Urgh feel like I have so much work to do! When I've put in a lot of effort over half term :/ nevergoodenough	Work is feeling stressful right now, but I when it's done I'll be relaxing
Can this crappy day end yet? Bloody nose, math test I need to pass, and stressing over	A lot of things went wrong today, so I'm going to do some self-care for myself after I get home.
I think I'm going to have a mental breakdown! Completed 1/2 my assignment at uni but now I have to redo it at home	It is hard to redo 1/2 of my assignment. I must redo it from home, even if it feels like breaking me down.
I've a bad migraine for archiebradley now please let him be ok worried Dbacks need some news on him now	Ive had a headache because of Archiebradley. I hope he gets well soon.
Can my day get any worse? Does someone else want to kick me while I'm laying on the ground? stupid people	This is a bad day for me. It would be nice if people understand me and behave properly.
Wish I didn't drink all my beers on Saturday Could use a few after that day	I drink all my beers on Saturday even though that's not a problem I can spend the rest of week without getting drunk.
I seriously hate people watching Lydia exp when you're no where to be found when I'm off work,	I'm just thankful that someone is able to watch my child while I'm busy with work.
man what is this, tryna get advice and this girl just made it worse !!	I need to choose better advice to listen
Being so far behind in a class that the other unfinished work is piling up <;<;<;	I've got a lot of work piling up. Time for me to focus and catch up to everybody else.
Hopping that my bad luck doesn't continue, it would be nice to have a few things go my way for a bit!	I was having a bad luck time, but I'm hopeful that this will not continue, and I'll start to have a few things going my way for a bit!
Spent 5.5 hours working on our Script for Ed Psych now have to go work for 8.5 hours.	It will be over soon though, and then I can chill.
need your help!!! In roebuck needing to be at the bham airport by 4:00 am. Do we need to go now? :-/	I have to be at the bham airport by 4.00 am and I hope to get some help to be there on time.
ugh, I so hate this sucky panic feeling it makes my heart sick. is an under statement	I'm in a panic now but I just need to do some relaxation techniques and I'll be feeling better soon.
Today's practice sucked so bad. I was off for some reason and can't figure out why.	I hope I have a good practice tomorrow.
Life basically has sucked this semester and seems to only get worse. I finally have just broke down today! God, help me!	I am brave for finally expressing my feelings about this semester instead of holding it in!
Had a long day today need sleep exam review week starting Monday and I write my reading component of my ELPA Tuesday woo	Fortunately, I have so many things to do. It couldn't be such a bad thing.
Thinking about this situation makes me want to physically puke and I have no idea why.. frustrated INEEDANSWERS confused	I hope the current situation in my life gets resolved soon so that I can go back to my calm and peaceful life.
we are goin out when I get back home drunken session is long overdue !	I should control my desire to have alchol.
Awful and incredibly unreliable service from car hire. They just could not be bothered! shocking neverusethemagain	The service from car hire could use some improvement, or they may lose out on custom.
The amount of things I have to get done between now and Sunday is ridiculous.	I'm going to be busy till Sunday, but I can do it!
The fact that I go to school then work I have no time to workout and it makes me sad when I'm not working ima go so hard tho	After going to school and work there is very little time left. I would love to give some time to workout.
am very disappointed by my holiday especially excursions and servicetwo complaints in one week nothappy	I hope the rest of my holidays go better than the past few days. Looking forward to it.
I'm so tiredthis week has been brutal. I got into bed at like 11pmand I'm wide awake. Can I just sleep?!	I need to fix my sleep habits so that I am more tired when I get in bed.
I wondered why today sucked until I realized it was Friday the 13th.. goodluck sickdog sad	I'm sure that a day can't change my luck and that everything is in my head. Everything will improve eventually.
I seriously need a vacation to a sunny hot beach with a pia colada in my hand	I can't wait to go on a vacation to a beach with a drink in my hand soon.
Are you aloud to have your midlife crisis as a teen? Asking for a friend. crazy	Being a teen is hard but soon this phase will pass
I literally feel like I'm the only one who doesn't know where I'm going next year.. sad	Im sure there are several other people in my position who dont know where they are going next year.
Go to Sainsburys to buy some punched pocketsend up spending 60 on a wicker basket and some towels.	While at Sainsburys to get some punched pockets, I saw a wicker basket and towels I wanted, so I got them too.
been up for lil over an hr and i already know this is going to be the longest day of my life. didntsleep tired	I've been up for a little over an hour, and I already know this is going to be a long, but also a very productive day.
Can't even sleep at the weekends now this is really getting me down oh well bit of American a Hustle and Word Chums it is then	I can't sleep on the weekends, but I'm grateful that I can at least do some American a Hustle and Word Chums.
I'm tired as crap, I start work tonight, and I have this senior paper that I'm stressing over. excited	Just a senior paper that I am stressed for a while. Will start working tonight and get over it for good.
I would have plane problems first thing in the morning and feel bad that I could have broke it	I had plane problems this morning, but I was able to resolve it.
Why is it so hard to come up with my child a "first" name :(	I already know what my son's first name will be.
Didn't bring eye shadow that matched my dress or my shoes, plus I tried to curl my hair which didn't work and now it looks a mess	I'm pretty sure people will love my hair today!
Hate when I can't sleep, cuz I have too many things going through my mind  overwhelmed	I wish I could get a good night's rest so that I can have a better day tomorrow.
I graduate in less than 50 days and every bit of those days will be the death of me	Even though these last fifty days will be tough, I'm glad that the end is near, and it will all be worth it.
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Non-alcoholic beer so I can pretend to unwind! PregnancyProblems	I'm going to relax and not let my pregnancy stress me in any way.
20 mins after ordering at stone house duffryn told duck not available, had to reorder now almost 50 mins later still waiting, popped in after a stressful visit to hospital to chill !!!!!!	20 mins after ordering at stone house duffryn told duck not available, had to reorder now almost 50 mins later still waiting, It's hard to have a pleasent dinner when this happens
Crazy week. Working like crazy, packing, cleaning, painting and moving. And 13yrs you've been gone :(	Even when I am busy I remember you after 13 years.
Some days I don't want to talk to anyone, but other days all I want is someone to talk to me	I hope I am in a better frame of mind in the coming days and get to communicate better with people around me.
Im just chillin all the time, drama free and ppl just tell me drama or try to put me into drama its like get away from me..Im chillin	People like the drama and I don't need it, so I am good even if I stay alone because I feel as if I am enough to make my life interesting.
How is it possible to be this tired and not be able to fall asleep!?	I have a problem. Even tired I can't sleep.
Not making flight. Now chilling until the next flight at 1:10am. My dad's advice: "have a glass of wine."	Not making flight. It's okay, because unexpected events happen. Now I'm chilling until the next flight at 1:10am.
I have had the worst migraine for the past two days and I can't seem to be rid of it for some reason	I need to get some medication for my migraines they have lasted so long.
Eh do you think you could sort this weather out? We seriously need a dry day on Saturday for the Stoney Stroll!  fundraising stoneystroll mayshouldbenice	I know a dry day will come, and It will be amazing!
A 5 page paper, 4 or 5 tests, and this horrible migraine are between me and spring break.	I just need hang in there and sit my tests and complete my 5 page paper and then I can relax and enjoy spring break !
So tired of being tired and stressed ALL the time! It doesn't make for a happy Kylie	Feeling tired and stressed right now
Always the desire to do it my way forgetting that your plan is always better. frustrated	I know the time will come when my alternatives will be heard to do the job better and I appreciate it from now on.
Thank god there is a bridal outlet shop in burton, found a wedding dress with less than a week to go	As a competent person, I only would get surprised if I couldn't find a wedding dress.
Here I am at the Hospital Once again..with Lil man!~My Son's Still n here..Still dont know what's wrong with him..But it's BAD!!	I do not lose hope of knowing that it is wrong with my son while we visit the hospital.
I seriously can't do AAU and summer league games. My body is being over worked. inpain	I hope my body pain gets better to participate in AAU and summer league games.
Damn didn't even know SAT was next Saturday Grrr have to find someone to cover me	SAT will be this Saturday and I need to take it easy and find someone to cover for me.
Im soooo tired!! Why the 'eff is a helicopter flying about outside my bedroom window? Do people have no respect?!	I hope the helicopter outside my windows flies out quickly. I would love to have a good night's rest after my tiring day.
& now should be asleep have a major exam tomorrow, pass or fail graded its graded as!!	I wish I could sleep now, but I have a major exam which I hope to pass for sure.
My kids homework ain't no joke. How can I encourage them to get good grades when I can't even get the damn problems. Some of my answers were wrong.	I will find a way to help my kids to do them homeworks even tho I am not the best at it.
I hope my mom does not find out because if she does im fucked and praying	I need to stop doing wrong things. I can't be nervous all the time for fear that they'll discover something I shouldn't have done.
I feel defeated tonight. Things can't always be this hard, I need them to get easier. Uhh	I feel a little beaten, but I am sure this will pass. This has taught me that I have to handle such situations in a more optimistic way.
Don't judgebut I don't have a cell phone yet and EVERYONE is bugging me to get one! But they R F'in EXPENSIVE! NoRoomInBudget	I am going to work my butt off, so I finally can buy a cell phone!
When I get home I'm going to grab my Super Black Eagle, at least one box of shells, and vent through a semiauto.	It will be great when I get home and can grab my super black eagle, one box of shells and vent through a semiauto
Anyone near Ashton town centre fancy bringing me vodka? Tea just isn't cutting the mustard.	I can't wait to drink vodka tonight after drinking tra all day.
being an adult and making big girl decisions stinks. can i be a kid again?	Childhood seems way better than adulthood as life is relatively carefree.
Blowing the rest of my overdraft when i've done so well has never been so tempting :(	Even when I am tempted to overdrive my cards, my will is stronger!
Feeling like a major dork checking my email every half hour to see if tsut sent out the seating assignments but I am	I feel weird checking my mail every hour for assignement but I do it for my future diploma!
I could use a nice bonfire , scary movies, halo and ceiling putty with my bestfriend right now. tired	I'll enjoy my time with my bestfriend even though I'm little bit tired
12 hours of art homework.. Why do I want to be an art major? idiot	I have a lot of art homework, but I know I can finish it on time
I'm so on edge 99% of the time that one comment can send me overboard.	I think I have to control my emotions to comments.
Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week!	Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week, but next week everything will be better.
This is looking to be one of the worst days I've had in a long time	This is one of the bad days Ive had in a long time. Hoping to face a good period soon.
Not a happy bunny today ! . Need to hit some golf balls very very fuking hard !!!!	I'm going to take my stress out with today's golfing session. It will do me good and improve my mood!
Once this crazy week is over I will be on the gym grind again toobusy	I will be on the gym grind again too busy after I finish this week.
If only there was no school today, then i'd actually have a day to get everything ready for flordia!!!!!	I wish I had a holiday today. I would have made all the preparations for Florida.
Made a to do list for this week on my phone. As I had to scroll down to finish it.. I think I shed a tear thisweek..	I'm so thankful that I was able to finish everything on my to-do list.
Wake up thinking about all the tests and crap I have to do today. I need summer now. summer tired	After I take my tests today I will finally be ready for summer!
I'm so tired, I don't Wana be here, I just wanna talk to and lay down. Tired Confused	I'm glad it's over, now it's go home and relax.
Lovely day shopping and lunch why is so hard to find a nice dress nowadays	Lovely day shopping and lunch, but I'm still looking for a nice dress.
So tired of people picking fights with me, not accepting my apologies, and then telling me I need to apologize emotionallywornout	I hope people just understand me and stop fighting with me.
Wish I could get some writing done tonight but I just can't find the drive tired	I will work to get my writing done tonight.
ugh im so tired but i cnt sleep. not even the sound of rain and thunder helps.. fuckthisfeeling tired	I'm so very tired. At some point I have to fall asleep.
Feeling the pressure of the real estate transaction from the buyer side will make me even more compassionate towards my clients.	As a person on the buyer's side of the real estate transaction, I can now understand how a client feels.
This chem exam is literally making me sick like I've felt like throwing up at least 20 times in the last hour chem	It is really tough to learn for this chemistry exam, but I hope to pass it by all means.
All these angry orchards are making me too jittery to sit in these ethyl chairs and watch the game	I need to start drinking less angry orchards so that I can enjoy the games more in the ethyl chairs.
Over spring break I plan to take at least one week to do nothing but get my wisdom teeth out, be lazy, and sleep	I plan to rest on spring break to finally take care of my self, be lazy and sleep
That project made me want to cry!! Not sure if I want to deal with ACCPAC ever but it's not a choice :(	Even though the project made me sad since it's over it means I will not deal with it anymore.
My friend just told me he finished his CHRISTMAS shopping. Halloween hasn't passed I'm not the only one behind, right?	My friend just told me he finished his CHRISTMAS shopping. I think I have to start shopping.
Things don't seem so bad this Friday. Trying not to be this weekend. Enjoying working in the garden since it's cooler outside than it is inside with airconditioning. TGIF. Will deal with keeping electricity, shopping w/ foodstamps, cooking, etc on	I have things to do, but love working on my garden.
So ready for this week to be over It's definitely taken it's toll on me. exhausted	So ready for this week to be over It's definitely taken by work
That annoying cousin that u love but u just wanna pimp slap a girl. U know wat Im saying	Sometimes the relationship with family members has ups and downs even though you love them
English teacher. Why have u set me quotes to do when all my coursework is due that day. NotHappening	My english teacher has set me quotes to do at the same day all my coursework is due, hopefully I can do it all in time
My computer isn't working and I don't know why!!!.why now that I have a lot of things to	Any IT guys know why my computer isn't working
Packing last little things into my suitcase, why does it feel like i havent packed something i need!	This is the last bit of packing and I feel I have not packed something that I need. I hope I have not missed anything.
I have a phone, but my charger broke, so I now have a dead phone with no charger Any other problems you wanna throw at me, God?	After I buy a charger, I will be able to revive my phone, I just need to be patient!
Watching the Nevada game on the phone with my dad and hes 30 seconds ahead of me in the game	Watching the Nevada game on the phone with my dad and he's 30 seconds ahead of me in the game. That's funny, I really enjoy these times with him.
stressful week this well finals, 12 hours of dance practice, and 1St dance competition and its my bday on Wednesday:(	Doing so many things at the same time leaves me a lot of adrenaline to burn.
I'm already stressing and beyond annoyed with this math quiz and it hasn't even been 15 minutes	I'm annoyed with this math quiz, and it hasn't even been 15 minutes. But I'm smart, and I can finish this.
At this point, im just ready to give it all up. But ive worked so hard. Who would of known it would be this hard.	I had worked hard all along and reached a point to give it all up, as I was not knowing that this would be so hard. Let me learn from it.
Packing and making sure that u have everything for a 2 week vacation is hard	Packing for a 2 - week vacation is a bit tough, but an exciting one.
thatannoyingmoment when you get papers in the mail on June 25, and they are due back in Halifax by June 30. notime	Feels bad that the papers I sent in the mail on June 25 are due back in Halifax by June 30, hopefully I can send them soon
fuck ccea for putting chemistry additional maths and english lit all on the same week	I was not happy with ccea for putting additional math chemistry and English literature together in the same week.
Been waiting all day for this Florida game and I cant even watch it now	I know I can find an alternative way to watch the Florida game if I set my mind to it.
3 hours in first period I'm bringing my game face and a pillow, chorus here I come. sleeping youvegottobekidding	I can't wait to be done with my classes for today so that I can come home and get a good night's sleep.
I would never wish the struggles that a teenage girl has to go through on anyone awful	Growing up can be tough but things get much better after the teen years.
Everyone keeps messaging me asking if I have news. No. They forgot to email me. Or they havent reached a decision :(	I'm so thankful that there are people in my life who care about upcoming news about me.
I hope I get this job at Rural King, ihavetobezen. I need more cash flow this job isn't cutting it.	I'm hoping to get this job at Rural King, so I can earn more cash flow!
I thought my last 2 semesters at GV would be the 2 with no scheduling issues and I would be able to breathe easy. WRONG. SO WRONG.	I am still having schedueling issues in these last to semesters, but there's just one more year to go, so I will not stress about it
So it appears that Christmas shopping for mummy with a 2 yr old is a bad idea whoknew	I got to shop with the two-year old to get a present for mum.
Now I've dreamed about it again, so hopeful to getting it off my mind :(	Now I've dreamed about it again. I'm hopeful I'll get it out of my mind, and I know I can!
Lordgive strength to Ahmad Jauhari Yahya, CEO of Malaysia Airways. The doomed MH Flights are calling for serious crisis mgmt!	Lordgive strength to Ahmad Jauhari Yahya, CEO of Malaysia Airways. The problematic MH Flights are calling for some crisis management!
Wtf is going on today? First, uncontrollable roadrage, now my nose won't stop bleeding ?	I don't know what's going on today. First, uncontrollable roadrage, now my nose won't stop bleeding. But, I'm a strong person and I can handle this.
I hate when I know people purposely don't text me back or ignore me, it makes me crazy.	When people don't text me back it makes me angry but at least I know who my real friends are.
Is it really worth you making me cry and ruining a really big day to me..I guess so.	Is it really worth you're making me cry and ruining I guess so
I don't often admit when I have a high stress level, but missing Christmas with my family + 5 mos of back pain + Dad in hospital =	I am experiencing stress due to the holidays and some health issues.
I have so much to do this week that I'm ready to cry just thinking about it.	I have lot of work this week, it will teach me how to handle my time better!
At the courthouse and I really hope the lady who charges me doesn't show up so this case gets thrown out stressed needtogetnailed	Even though there is a court case I have to face it means I just have to be a better person in the future.
Wiselar made it seem as if my essay REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY SUCKED! Not good not good at all	Wiselar had some critiques of my essay that I think I can learn a lot from.
i literally spent 30 minutes explaining why i can't get a b in honors bio because i want to be a bio chemist	I try to get people to understand how important getting higher than a B is in bio because I want to be a bio chemist.
When I finally get over you, you come to me like you want me to try to get you back. I hate being your second choice.	I value myself enough as a person to ignore you when you come after me again
I hate waking up in the morning when all your worries come back to you, one by one	I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am fresh and ready to tackle my problems one by one tomorrow.
Crap I forgot I won't be at school tomorrow cause I have to get more CT scans.  I actually need/want to go to school tomorrow	I wish I could go to school tomorrow, but it's so important that I get my CT scans.
I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. "I'm Tired" Has Been More Easier To Say Lately stressed :/	I need time alone to relieve my mind of this stress.
I hate when you go to write a paper and then your mind goes blank. Ughh stressed	This is a good opportunity to train my concentration and how much I can write even though I am stressed.
I need a Latin tutor.. which will be real hard to find since nobody in the world studies LATIN of all languages! This is stupid	Latin is going to be a challenge, it seems to be an exclusive choice to study.
Between applying for ucas and loosing work because my memory pen breaks I think I am going to loose my mind!	Between applying for ucas and loosing work because of my memory I can be a little crazy haha but I keep going
Some days you just need to go home right after class. Today was deff one of those days	Some days I really like going home right after class, I like to have my own time to relax and chill
Day's dragging like mad! F**k everyone tweeting about early darts as well! ! Thanks god its Friday tomorrow.	Even though it's a slow, long day, I'm just glad that tomorrow is Friday!
is it wrong to look forward to your wedding being over to stop all the hassle? wedding	How excited can one look forward to their wedding?
theres only 10 minutes left commercials please please stop! not much time to tell us who is killed off?!	I hope these commercials stop; I want to find out who gets killed off!
Trying to juggle school, swimming, work, having a social life and living is rather difficult	It's refreshing to see that in the midst of so many things I can keep my social life!
If I make it through the next two weeks alive, I'll be the real MVP.	A hard two weeks coming up but I can make it
This year has been so freaking bad. I just want to go away for a while	This year is not good for anyone, I need to show strength and focus, and thank god it's ok.
Dead tired n Thirsty .. Can't wait Togo for a run tomorrow to clear my head	I would love a good night's sleep tonight and a good run with Togo tomorrow to clear my head.
If I don't go out at least once this weekend I'm gonna end up hurting someone..	It would be great to get out this weekend so that I can relax.
Do you feel ? Your monkey mind is the cause for this, useless thoughts constantly arise? Give a job to it, count your	It's good to turn useless thoughts into useful thoughts.
I believe that cashiering isn't for me. only been 3 work days, but I don't see myself lasting. frustrated Maybe I'll try stock.	I think I need more practice for cashiering, but I can try stock too.
The worst part about being ill is knowing that I'm missing work at college so close to the exams	Being sick isn't my fault. Doesn't make sense to feel guilty for missing work at college. I should take my health seriously.
Finishing this essay is driving me insane!! baffled I've resorted to some old school music to get me through this!!	Finishing this essay is being difficult. I've resorted to some old school music to get me through this, and I know I'll make it!
I hate when others push things back, so you have to do everything last minute.	People tend to push things back at work, so I'm going to be ready for anything.
So focused on studying for my 3 exams that I forgot to turn in my hw due at midnight..	I forgot my hw submission due to studying for my 3 exams, but I wish to remember things better in future.
so ready for this day to be over. ItsOnlySecondPeriod worst day ive had in a long time	This day has been stressful but it'll be over soon
Them times you wanna munch down on ya food but there are spicey girls watching	I can make an effort not to eat messy, so I don't mind girls watching me eat.
Worry pretends to be necessary but serves no useful purpose  Eckhart Tolle Worry Stress Anxious Anxiety	Worry pretends to be necessary Stress Anxious Anxiety
Group projects and labs are probably one of the worst things they could ever do it college	They could do things better than group projects and labs in college
Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issue become your problem	I need to learn how to not let other's people problems affect me and deal with my own issues.
I wish I just knew what I wanted to do with the rest of my life confused	I'm going to find out what I want to do with the rest of my life.
Did you know stressed is desserts spelled backwards? Unwind with a our classic Carolina Mountain Apple Cobbler tonight.	I am stressed but I will have some drinks and I will feel better.
I might lose my financial aid because I don't know what year the house I live in was built. Because that makes sense.	I just need to know the year that the house where I live was built and I will keep my financial aid.
ah hate when im always in a bad mood with 6th year on top of it.	I'm going to control my temper and channel my emotions into doing well in school.
She gives a a 1 page essay to write everyday when we walk in for bell work, then article of the week and now a 2 page essay	I must work hard to improve myself further.
Praying extra hard for Hubs today, because I don't know what else to do. He's beyond trying to put my worry in God's hands.	Praying for my husband I know that God will watch over him.
Running on little sleep, time to finish my project and start studying like there's no tomorrow! Can't wait till Wednesday! dead	I'm tired now but once I get my work done, I will be able to relax!
Freaking out!! Too much going on at once!! My head is going to explode!! Ahhhhh!! stressed	I have a lots of thought but it will all go away soon.
i have rearranged my room 4 times in the last 28 hours to be exact and im not doing well. kinda going mad.	I have rearranged my room 4 times I think I have to do shopping.
So much work, so little time :( 2 tests tomorrow and an big assignment due..and I didn't get home until 7:30 and haven't eaten yet	Lots to do tonight so that tomorrow is sorted (2 tests tomorrow and a big assignment due). It's 7:30 now, if I prioritise and work efficiently I should be ok.
Eyes are falling out of my head I am that tired  faith decided today of where we are moving to	My eyes are falling out because I'm tired but my faith keeps me moving on!
I am In the gym 5 days a week. I eat clean 5 days a week. Yet I don't see the results I want. I don't know what I am doing wrong.	I am In the gym 5 days a week. I eat clean 5 days a week. Though I dont see the results now, I am sure I can make itin a month.
I seriously need to get this book read tonight so I can do Ochem in the morning ughhh	I need to get this book read tonight! I have organic chemistry homework due in the morning.
Getting Ready For College Is Kinda Stressful !  Especially When You're The 1st In Your Family To Go ! help lost	I'm the first in my family to get to go to college, so I'm taking advantage by getting ready and asking for some help on what I should do.
Ugh once I get through this last test tomorrow I can just chill, look forward to seeing Ethan and then coming home in a few weeks	I know I'll pass the last test tomorrow, so I can relax, go see Ethan and come home in a few weeks!!
Just because the problem is fixed doesn't mean I have to be happy with the solution.	Even if I don't like the solution, at least the problem has been fixed.
Have a really bad headcold and swollen glands starting exam time and i do don't need this	I hope in a few days I am done with my tests and also in a better state of health.
Hate when an advertisement for a Univetsity comes up on t.v and your parents start asking you what you wanna do after Grade.12	When college ads appear on TV, your parents always ask: what do you want to do after grade 12?
Phones is dead from talking on the phone with lea and talk to westly natalie and ashley on fb	Once I recharge my phone, we can talk for a long time.
Took too much melatonin. If I don't wake up tomorrow y'all know wtf happened. mistake	I took too much melatonin going to contact my doctor I'm sure it will be okay, glad I can get help if needed.
This day is just slowly going down the  Why can't i just understand this stuff	I need to concentrate because the day is ending. I'm having a hard time understanding things.
There are good days and bad days. Today seemed to be a bad day sad toomuch	Today felt rather sad tomorrow is a new day.
so stressed out because don't understand how to do the presentation for my class tomorrow	I need to stay calm and focus on how to get them to understand how to learn the best way tomorrow during my class.
So I'm seriously considering my back up plan if I don't get into uni next year.	If I don't get into Uni next year my back up plan is just as good as the original.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.FuuuuuUUUUCK!!!!!!! >;. <; I need a break from life :'( tired DONE	I would very much love to take a break from life.
IndieFLL: You're all beautiful. And I love every single one of you. Talk to me, I'm here. imaboy stressed	Even though I am stressed I think I will have someone to talk to since I love many people.
I hate knowing that the hsc is so close and how much work that still needs to be done..	I am very eager to work in hsc.
I seriously have no time for anything. Like can I just have a week off at life, thats all I need right now.	I have no time for anything. Time to get organized with my life so, I'm better prepared.
Dear travis, call the fucking contractor back! I wanna be able to afford prom. Subway isn't paying the bills broke	Theres less and less to the prom, and Ill be able to enjoy it as soon as Im done solving the problems with the bills and with the contractor.
Feel so alone and don't even have the time to do anything about it. lonely	I feel lonely, and I know I can take some time to improve this!
why is it so difficult to find a decent place to live for next year	Well, it is difficult to find a decent place to live for next year, but I know it won't be impossible to find one.
I should of went to school tired of people arguing about food, who takes showers, and who comes and goes..	I get to see my family a lot.
Never in my life have I had such a hard time finding a job. Does anybody know of anywhere hiring? Please let me know.	As hard as it is to find a job, I'm sure my friends will help me find the right one
You guys I'm a little nervous about how busy my world will be on 1/5 - eek! blessed yet !	I'm feeling nervous of my upcoming busy weeks but I feel blessed too!
two more stories to read, then i'm goign to bed and waking up at 8 to cram before the test	I like how productive I have become, I always make everything work out in the end!
Study study study study eat study study study sleep study study studystory of my life :-/	Study eat sleep study. Story of my life! :)
All i want to do is go for a run down middle beach road. .	I am feeling badly now, but things will get better.
My brain is so fried from making up classes and Christmas dances but I love my job	I might be busy, but I love my job!
Not sure if I can sleep tonight or not, but about to try I need a cuddle buddy :(	Even though I feel a little lonely I know I can sleep tonight because with me its enough.
Crazy response once we posted that our house was for rent. Was about 2 pull out of the cruise do 2 increased anxiety.	The response I got about the house rent has put me in some stress but the good thing is that it will be solved soon.
UGH!!!! Half way done with final research paper, the laptop is dying and I left my extra charger at work!! thestruggle	I hope I am able to get my charger early tomorrow so that I can finish my research paper.
Making the decision as to where I wanna go to college is making me really sad.	I'm glad I have so many choices on which college to go to.
My tattoo says no limits but I think I just reached mine Annoyed NoMorePatience ****	Though my tattoo says no limits, I'm almost at the edge. Increasing my limits of patience is the only hope!
Sick kid-o again!! Now I have to figure out how to get all my work done b4 holidays w/out my sweet riley not being in school	My kid is sick again, thankfully it's nothing serious, and soon she will be ok
I could really use a drink right about now! needsleep but my poor baby's sick	My poor baby is sick, but once they are better I know I will be able to get some much-needed rest.
I'm sorry I've been so a set you guys, I've been having health issues and just started school	Im really proud of myself for staying strong even if I have had health issues.
Someone who isn't Hung over or still intoxicated please bring me some sprite. Why do I make myself do sick	Hung over or still intoxicated please bring me some sprite.
I'm so stressed. I need today to fly by so I can just relax. Worst sleep of my life.	I can't wait for the day to end so that I can go and get a beautiful night of sleep.
Someone told me to "slow down" today. I said, "No". Maybe I need to get my priorities straight.	I can focus better when I know what my priorities are and are not distracted from doing them.
I feel ya. But its unhealthy to stress so just get some sleep " : Need sleep.. But that's nearly impossible	Even though sleep is hard to come by for me, I know that any amount of it will help with this stress.
WHAT IS THIS? MY DAD IS FORCING ME TO WATCH GOD'S CHANNEL AGAIN. LIKE..?WE JUST CAME BACK FROM CHURCH. WE JUST FINISH PRAISING GOD	It is a good thing my dad is looking out for me.  Just got back from church with him and now we watch God's channel. Praise God.
Gonna fail my anatomy exam tomorrow. I can feel it. My brain just can't memorize all of this at one time. overload	I have to take a deep breath and concentrate on my studies.
Didn't get a phone call tonight because my mom took forever to leave the fuckin house!! out not a good day!	Missed my phone call because mom took ages to leave the house, hopefully I will catch the call tomorrow!
I don't know what's worse. Having this final tomorrow or not knowing what's on it.	I'm sure I can face anything. Finals are tomorrow, and I'm ready for them!
Had a whole week of spring break, doing nothing, and now is when im doing my school work.	It is nice to have something to do after a long week of relaxing.
I wish there was something that told me what I'm supposed to do in life, like where I'm meant to end up.	It is normal to feel lost in life, not knowing where I should go, I think that listening to the advice of someone more experienced would help me a lot in those moments.
no. i cant work in groups, i stress out so much cause i know that all the group is going to fail no no	I hope I change my mindset so that working in groups is a better experience than it is today.
I really hate when life throws me curveballs :/ don't even know what to do -_-	I should be strong in my life.
grew up with a severe misconception that uni life is all about having fun.why did no1 ever mention the study pressure to me? :(	Grew up with a severe misconception that uni life is all about having fun. I have to spend some time at studying.
Just finished my homework and studying for the sat that I started 3 hours ago. ill mad	I am happy that I have finished my homework and studying for the SAT. I hope to finish it as soon as possible.
In that stage where I love psychology yet hate it at the same time toomuchtolearn	I have learned to continue to love psychology irrespective of the situation
This sucks. I feel like nothing is my choice Last I knew this was my day not yours.	I would like to have more control over the decisions on my day.
My house stresses me out something awful! Sooner I get a decent job, quicker I can get my own flat again!	My house stresses me out. But soon I'll get a decent job, and get my own flat again!
I cannot wait until Tuesday is over! So many papers to write by then! I hate my procrastination!	So many papers to write by Tuesday, time to learn not to procrastinate!
iPhones are rubbish all my pics are gone!Good job I saved them on laptop stressed Roll on my upgrade!! Apple u better impress me	The Iphone surprises me, my photos are gone, but I managed to recover all the photos through the backup option.
Can I just find a hot, rich guy on Tinder so I can drop out of this awful place called school	I know that school will end, even when it's difficult. Then, I will have earned my freedom.
I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep, the pain when I wake up is horrible	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep the pain was horrible.
Season 2 of both Pose and Big Little Lies are Premiering on the same night as the Tonys. Its still a month and a half away and Im already	Can't wait for the season 2 of both Pose and Big Little Lies!
Need to start doing some serious thinking!!! The only thing that's gonna help is vodka!!	I have to do some serious thinking. A vodka would help me a lot.
I wish this crazy amount of stress wasn't affecting my sleep as well as my appetitethese four exams need to piss off	The stress is affecting my sleep and my appetite. But as soon as I finish these exams, I'll get better.
can time slow down please, i have way too much work to do and I've still got to look for a placement	I have a lot of work to do but I perform well under pressure so I will manage.
Desperately need a vacation and to disappear for a little while. Is it weird to go to a tropical island by yourself???	Being alone is nothing but being with yourself. Most people think it's weird. Not being a sheep is certainly the reason for my need to take a break from society.
I swear if someone comes at me with a Pacquaio insult tomorrow, I'm gonna cut you or beat the crap out of you!	Swear if someone comes at me with a Pacquaio
I'm so tired of classes, practices, rehearsals, and meetings. D': Can I just have a break, a Vanilla Bean Frap and a back massage?	I've had my schedule filled with a lot of appointments lately, soon this cluttered period is going to end, and I will be able to relax
I just wanna sit in my hot tub with a bottle of wine and watch tonight's ranger game on DVR travelingallday	I just want to sit in my hot tub with a bottle of wine and watch tonight's ranger game on DVR. It will be good to relax after travelling all day.
Some people's inability to find their seat number on a train, how difficult can it be	Some people can't find their seat number on a train, but everyone has difficulties with something, right?
Spent all day in the library doing work and I still haven't even made a dent in the amount of work I have to do drowning	I can spend the day in the library to relearn the things I am shaky on and crack down the amount of work I have to do.
Feel stressed? says smash it out! We talk breaking bottles and big screen TV's tonight @ 7:15	If you are stressed you should come enjoy Tv with us!
If I have a million things to be thankful for, why do I get so down? I need to not let the little things that bother me become the big things.	I am so blessed, I have so much to be thankful for.  Today I will not let the little things that may bother me get me down.
Oh and I gotta find a new OB ASAP cuz mines too far and is too hard for me to get to now	I understand my abilities, and I can find an OB ASAP quiz that matches them.
Do I walk in or go home cause I don't wanna walk in then have to walk back out!!!!!!!!!!??!???!!? stressed	Being puzzled on what to do it just means I have different choices so that's good.
Unless you want to see mean Jayme I advise everyone to keep your distance from me this week.	I would appreciate it a lot if everyone just let me be for this week, I'm sorry if I upset you.
Now I have four questions left, two the longest, and the other two I am just going braindead on	Now I have four questions left, two are the longest, and the other two are challenging
Feeling stressed !!!!! Wish I could take my daughters pain away. Her poor knee is really messed up.	Even though my daughter is in pain and her knee is messed up, I know we're both learning patience and we'll get through this in time.
**********URGENT********** Guys please help me re-write Standing In The Dark In Chapman Square! Wattpad has deleted all 5parts :'(	I am thankful for all your help with rewriting Standing In The Dark In Chapman Square!
I have no time to be excited about the fact that I'm leaving for Europe Thursday night bc of all the frkn shit I have going on stressed	I should be excited to go to Europe soon.
Right now I cannot keep saying ill fit my revision in another day need to finnish and its getting scary arrr!	At this point I can't prochastinate anymore with my revision, It's time to get it done, I'm sure I will crush it
I finally understand the zombie apocalypse. I may make it to the 21st alive but I'll only be part of the living dead.	Zombie apocalypse is looking like a horror one.
I need Christmas holidays to come faster. I cant look at all this homework anymore	Only until Christmas, then I will have lots of time to relax myself/
I'm sorry to everyone I've ignored or been rude to lately. I just need some space and relaxation. tired	I hope I get into a better frame of mind soon so that I continue to maintain all the genuine relationships in my life.
looked at my bank acct and almost passed out pls send all posi vibes I get accepted for this job I should be hearing about this week (I wish I could stop tweeting about this but I am and sad)	I have financial problems now, but the new job I will get will fix that.
My mind been so heavy lately, trying to keep my head up but it's just taking over.	Even with so much going on right now, I know this too shall pass.
Not really had a breakdown about my uni work to say it's a week till degree show goes up think today is gonna be the day!	Can't wait for my degree show to go up, I'm sure it will be soon.
I just wana change the world and fix everyone's problems, that's all I wana do helpless hopless tired	I wanted to change the world and fix everyone's problems, but that's not an option so I'll will just focus on the things I can do!
I am past stressed I am too my limit where I have a emotional breakdown tired	I seem to be really stressed, and I hope to meet a therapist to get some relief.
Thank god that days over. And still got revision to do! Fuck fuck fuck arghhhhhhhhhh!!!!	Today was a bad day and I still have revision to do, but soon my exams will all be finished :)
Something needs to change! Either you be more understanding, or I learn to bite my tongue.	We need to change to understand each others, you need to be more understanding and I need more tact.
So much to do, so little time. That line is applying to a lot, 24/7.	I will be done with everything soon though.
To do today: Finish fixing the computer cuz Windows is bullshit. Then deep clean my room for Zak coming over tomorrow. Then hopefully indoctrinate into the grim dark of Warhammer 40k. darkheresy	I have a busy day today fixing my computer, but looking forward to spending time with Zak tomorrow!
but seriously I just want to cuddle a small fluffy animal so all of my worries would vanish for even just a short while.	Cuddling pets is a sure way to relax oneself.
So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up where I left off	So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up, but I'm sure I will manage to learn everything.
Omg these calls are making me wanna kill myself leave me alone!!, I'm only trying to help!! >;:(	These calls are really getting in my nerves lately, I wish they let me alone.
I've been shoveling snow for an hour and every time I get done with one end of my driveway the other half is covered yet again.	I must figure out a way to effectively clear off the snow on my entire driveway at one go.
I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send!!	I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send, i hope can talk to you in person.
I could use a gummy right about now. stressed freakingout I need to relax be calm and quit overthinking things	I could use gum right now, breathe, close my eyes, be relaxed and stop thinking about things
There is so much on right now. USOpen finals. Patriots game and the RedSox / Yankees game. hahahahahaha	I am glad there is so much on right now, like the Patriots game and baseball.
Bailey had to go to vet yesterday for fluids. Still not eating bg low got pb then dangerous low got honey and ate food	Bailey will get better and her health will improve, I'm sure of that!
Seriously going to crack a beer after registration tomorrow cause I deserve it, idgaf if it's 6 am	Tomorrow is the best day for me to enjoy.
I want to throw my computer at the office out of the window why is it so god dammed slow when I have some important stuff to finnish?!	I get irritated when my computer is very slow but I am looking forward to get a new one.
why do I keep having negative dreams when I sleep.. what happen to the unicorns and rainbows..	I have to think more of the simple and better things in life - like maybe unicorns and rainbows. That way I wouldn't keep having negative dreams while asleep!
I really hate being off on the week days , like wtf am i supposed to do? Fckn new girl stole my hours  really	I should take the free time I have now and find something new to do.
I never thought I would have a hard time deciding if I wanted to go to Devon's for a weekend toomuchtogetdone	Its surprising to see me deciding whether I wanted to go to Devons for the weekend.
Arghhh broken sleep again so have resorted to a 5 am online shop Stress I hate you let me sleep  overthinking cantsleep	I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I can get up fresh and eager for the next day tomorrow.
I've never had as much headaches with a game as I have with the Shadow costume dlc on SonicForces on Xbox, Its been 4 days now I've been complaining and getting useless advice that does nothing Tired	The Shadow costume dlc is an unprecedented challenge to my tech skills.
ridiculous how long i have to sit through ads on 4OD just trying to get 2 seconds worth of info from this show	I hope there is a way to reduce the length of the ads so that I can watch the show in peace.
So does anyone else know that frantic moment in life when you can't even find ONE bobby pin???	I can't find my bobby pins. Going shopping for more!
Im going to need to find something other than positive self talk to make it through October without a mental breakdown!	From october I will surely find to work good other than self talk.
That awful moment when your so stressed you have to just lay down so you don't have an anxiety attack	Laying down totally helps the stress.
it's been the hardest four weeks of my life and i still have a long way to go	It's been the hardest four weeks of my life but soon it will be over
My mom's sick in the hospital, and my cat's sick with an infection. I called out at work this morning, then got a call from my boss saying they never got that message! I don't want any more stress today please!	My office says that they did not get my message about my mom and cat being sick, when my boss called me. I know it is causing me stress. But my mom is admitted and will be soon recovered. I need to keep myself calm, till she and my cat get better.
One of those mornings where i think maybe i should quit and travel the wOrld,, or maybe i just need a hOliday :(	One of those mornings when I feel I would feel better by taking a holiday or travel around the world.
I really have too much to do to be sick!! I need to get the house clean and reorganize baby clothes before I go in!!	Even though I'm sick today, I'm grateful to have a house to clean and to be able to buy clothes for my baby.
Too many weird ass names of the muscles and bones in the body!!!! How am I gonna remember all of this?!?	I have many things to learn in medicine but that's normal since it's a very complicated subject.
If all u can tell me is how BAD I am at something then plz don't ever watch me do it again and leave me alone! disappointed	I just want contact with people who value me
Sitting here Thinking was told that my Boyfriend will be facing prison time stressed TwitterFamous ILoveMyGod	My boyfriend might face prison time but at least I have a boyfriend so that's good.
It's 3pm, I'm already sick and tired of doing schoolwork and just want to get day drunk. college studentlife	A good night's sleep today will hopefully get me in a better frame of mind after all the schoolwork that I have been doing.
It felt like it took half an hour to get this Uber but it was only 10 minutes.	I'll know not to use uber again the service was too long.
It just hit me that I have a mid term and an assignment due next week, I swear we just got back from the break?	I have a mid term and an assignment due next week. We just got back from the break, but that's the student life and it's all right.
90+ bets every half hour , must be start of prem is it ? manic	Guarenteed it will get better from here.
I wish money was never an issue. Ever. The world would be better off without it causing stress. stressed headache	Money is part of the human life but it has as much importance as you give to it.
I just want it to be Friday and skip over this awful mess of my life.why does doing the right thing feel so wrong?	Sometimes it's hard to feel good about something even if you are doing the right thing, that's hard, but it's a part of life
lackofsleep HateEarlyMornings skin is all breaking out and feel like shite!! :'( need time off!!	An effort would not be an effort if it was fun. I wish I was sleeping well but there are other priorities.
Hands down one of the worst nights of my Furman careerso far 2 midterms tomorrow and a concert report due	I have two midterms and a concert report due but it's good I'm being pushed hard to achieve more.
Why is every big project or essay for every class due in the same week??	With so many class deadlines clustered together, it's a great time to figure out better time management strategies.
M4&M49 were bloody horrendous. Finally found my way to the Timbrell household for the next two days though	Even though I am facing a hard time at least I have a place to stay at for the next two days.
Deciding to apply for Student Finance for next year this late at night was a bad idea	Deciding to apply for Student Finance for next year this late at night wasn't the best idea, but I'm glad I got it!
oh no! Haha! I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of dayscan't wait for this week to be over!	I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of days. But soon this week will be over, and my sleep will be peaceful again!
I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night.	I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night. Someone avaible? LOL
Let's see if I actually make it to my class at 5 today on time. work tired	I'm sure that I can get to class 5 today in time! I just have to organize my schedule
Ayoo ?? How I just smacked tf out my lip with my phone just now b	People can hurt themselves sometimes and that just happens it's normal.
how comes i passed all six units and i failed one which was simplest,Mr Lecturer God is watching u.. :-(	I passed all six units, and failed one that was the simplest. But it's okay, I'll do it again, and I'm sure I'll pass this time.
Eating for the first time today. I hate eating! This is so stressful! eatingdisorders hateeating	I'm not eaten all day. I need to see a doctor about my eating disorder, so I can get better.
I really just want a girls night out and go out to the bar or club	I want to go out with my friends and have fun all night!
I made the right decision too late in the game and now I'm paying for it.	Even though I made the right call late this time, I've learned enough to make the right call early next time!
I hate the end of the school year because teachers try to cram everything they missed into one month	I hate the end of the school year because my teachers cram so much in, but at least school will end soon.
Beyond stressed and I'm seriously reaching my over it point like these people could careless what's really going on exhausted	I don't feel respected right now, so I'm going to take some time to focus on myself and prioritize my own needs.
Snow and no roof on the house = abit chilly!! But 2 hours sleep and another day of hammering Think im going to loose my marbles!!	I am doing such an amazing job on the house, just have to keep going whilst it gets hard.
Buy stuff from eBay doesn't ship to Ireland Well sick my balls would u ever !!	Ebay should really start shipping items to Ireland.
So sick of talking about graduation and college. Like stop. That's all I hear about 24/7	Talking about graduation and college it's going to be ended soon I have to be focused.
In need of a spa day bad!! I really need some peace, relaxation, and mommy time!!!	A spa, some peace, relaxation and mummy time would make me happy.
Aargggh this essay has my head done in :( why is havard refrencing so aggy!!!	This essay is killing but I know I'm gonna ace it!
I may just be bald by time I get a house!! To much stress comes with this crap.	My hard work will be worth it! I will get my own house and achieve my goals!
Dad said I need to make a decision soon on where I want to go to school	Even though I feel stressed since I have to decide where I should go to school at least I will be attending school so that's good.
Why can't I get a check every two weeks just for going to college ? Why do I have to work long hours AND go to school ?	By working and going to college, I am preparing myself for the life after school.
the last time ul hold their warm hand, kiss their warm forehead , I love my dear special and loving Uncle..	I want to hug my loving uncle.
Whenever a sunday is not filled with football I feel like I spend the entire day just thinking about my problems	Football is always a good distraction for me!
If teachers want us to pass finals They need to stop giving fucking homework durning finals week !!! hateteachers retards	Teachers shouldn't give homework during finals week, so we can focus on studying for the exams.
yo he said it's 1 to 19, except for chapter 18. :/gonna be a long night!	This is going to be a productive night full of potential!
Ugh - Ive a twitch in my eye on and off for the last few days. How does one conduct an election in these times.	I hope the issue with my eye is fixed in the coming days so that I have some peace of mind.
Went to work at 615a, dr appt at 1030. Richards at home very sick. Puppy is only 9 weeks.	It's so lovely to have a new puppy in the home to look after, I'm sure Richards will get better soon.
Omg seriously struggling to sleep! Grr!! I get pissed off that i cant sleep which makes me not sleep even more!!	I get off that I can't sleep which makes me not sleep even more makes me feel bad.
Never let a person try to change u an how u are to make them happy its a lot of people that are stressed and they will try to throw it on u cause they miserable	You should stay are you are because you are perfect like that.
I need a very zen environment to be around right now, and this house isn't one.	Looking for zen vibes. Count me in
Started a nasty habbit again , ugh this stress is gonna kill me i need a break !	I will stop the recent bad habits I started again because I want to improve my reaction to stress and make my life better.
The first thing I do when I get home an hour late from work is go directly outside and chain smoke	I should control myself to decrease smoking.
dear god, please give ms o'reilly the wisdom to move the annotated bib due date so it's not thursday. amen iwillcry	I hope by some miracle ms o'reilly moves the annotated bib due date to another day other than Thursday.
Do you ever feel stressed about something silly and unimportant because it's too difficult to think about the actual big things you're stressed about? Yeahme neither	Even though I have lots going on, I never have the need to feel stressed about them.
I love my work fam more than anything, but if I have to go into work like this, I'm going to be job hunting again. :(	I'm so lucky to have such lovely work colleagues, hopefully I can enter work into a situation I am happy with.
Brain freeze. Not cut out for studying and dreading a whole 3 hour closed book exam tomorrow :-(	Studying is hard but it will be worth doing it in my closed book exam tomorow.
