You may be stressed out, but your body doesn't have to feel it. YOU are your BEST ASSET!! Take CARE of yourself!!
Arghhh can't stand when tan goes patchy then it's the dreaded wait till the next day till you go in a shower and see if it's ok!! :(
M4&M49 were bloody horrendous. Finally found my way to the Timbrell household for the next two days though
Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issuing become your problem   stressed
I realize you're all trying to help me, but it's my life and my decisions, so please, just stay out of it.
Two worst dreams I could have  one night. What a great start to my day
Tests on test, studying on studying, homework on homework. Gunna be like this  this week and next
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
A 5 page paper, 4 or 5 tests, and this horrible migraine are between me and spring break.
Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!
I might lose my financial aid because I don't know what year the house I live in was built. Because that makes sense.
You know you're tired when you forgot your school work at home, and you leave your keys in your car
Crazy few weeks ahead. Tomorrow, back at the radio station, and next week starting gym and work/classes. HELP!
Ugh, this day already sucks.. Idk where I left my brain, but if you all see it let me know!
Tomorrow I'm keeping to myself and not talk to nobody. I'm going to treat myself and might just turn my phone off for sum hours! Stressed.
WHAT IS THIS? MY DAD IS FORCING ME TO WATCH GOD'S CHANNEL AGAIN. LIKE..? WE JUST CAME BACK FROM CHURCH. WE JUST FINISH PRAISING GOD
Okay, honestly Tristan, do you think I'll be able to do a 2 page essay by tumor? It's currently 8:45pm where I
Feel like I'm going to have a mental breakdown, and I don't even know why.
If these dick heads put me on another driving ban, IL strong my license is a part of man
Stressed but I'm about to go film today's video. I'm going to try and make sure it's not a shit show
Trying to plan christening party decorations someone remind me why did I volunteer to do this?!!
If I don't make it into the nursing program in the spring ill fuxkin cry and if I do make it in ill still freaking cry
I need to go somewhere and scream at the top of my lungs without someone thinking I'm getting murdered
Taking my micro final tomorrow. Got a B in macro all I need to pass micro and ill be the happiest camper ever!
I just want to find a party bus that'll let me bring a keg and a karaoke machine on board for my office party I'm throwing
I understand listener supported, but I endured a week of stressful telethon plugs not enjoying the station. How much longer? I need to check out until y'all are doing. Stressed nonstop sales
Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. Stressed but pups are
Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?
I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days
Arghhh like a broken down record talking to Kallie this morning - the joys of having kids
For an animal science major (pre veterinary) 120 units are required at Cal Poly Pomona
Real talk if I won't worry about these stupid random. I would roll up right now cause I need that is
Figuring out my classes for high school, they give us like 10 choices, then ask us to pick 7 -_-
Have to edit all 4 shoots from this weekend and have 2 exams and a presentation for school this week, then have all my mini sessions next weekend and then finals the following two weeks, then more mini sessions
Really just want to go shoot some basketball to get my mind off of everything!
Feel like having a full on meltdown!!  I don't know how much more I can take on this!!
Freaking out!! Too much going on at once!! My head is going to explode!! Ahhhhh!! Stressed
That sounds perfect!! Just make sure to send plenty of pictures because I'll def need it this coming school year
And it's a race to watch an entire season of  before millions of others to avoid spoilers.
waking up nauseous<; <; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<; <;
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
Rainy miserable day in Aberdeen this morning. The weather must know I have an exam tomorrow
Maddi and Lucy R happy to be home from doggie day care since Friday. Sleeping good.
getting crazier than ever because next week is the standardized test ah stressed maths scientific
After 2 tests and a quiz I am running out of steam. Still have an organism lab test tomorrow help stressed
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that can't even cope with a zoom call
Go ahead and go to Memphis or stay at D-State and coach for Halls this fall?
My diet this week will consist of alcohol day and night all day every day
I knew buying a house is never a straight forward process, but he is fucking ridiculous
What I don't understand, is how can I be this clear and still have you wondering?
I wish I could remember what it's like to go to bed before 1 or 2 am.
Well, don't I feel more than a little stressed today defiantly shouldn't have days off anymore, there's a whole forest of paper on my desk
The Time Is Going So Fast, I Wish I Had Sumone To Ave A Drink N A Laugh With These Last Few Days I Have
Homeschooling is NOT fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today its only Monday FFS!!
Last time I traveled the frontier there was a 22 hour delay. Flight 882 already starting with an hour and a half delay. Not a good sign. I just want to get home.
So does anyone else know that frantic moment in life when you can't even find ONE Bobby pin???
My 11:30am - 3:30pm class ended TODAY back at 11:30am - 5:30pm classes TOMORROW NoBreak  Stressed both mentally and physically
So glad to have a day off tomorrow to hopefully relax.. Ha-ha wishful stressed beyond limits need a
Had to leave the floor before I shouted at someone! Today is not a good day!
Only been home two weeks for summer and I am already making my way back to the well.
All this shit to make things right, Is it worth the stress? Will it be worth the fight? Over worked. Under
It seems like all I do is sleep, work sleep, work sleep, work.. tired of being a grown-up.. I wanna be like 8 again!!
So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".
I know it's probably not up there on your list of priorities, but what is the dress code for next sat?? Stressed
Barb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second
Going paintballing to relieve some stress and angry :) (( depressed depression stress stressed suicidal sui
Why am I so lazy  revising?! Page 17, 158 to go to be completed by Friday morning and I'm now working every day until then!
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.
Can't wait to have two finals and a paper out of my way after today. I maybe will be able to breathe more
And they have closed Now have to wait until 9 am to find out if I can go to prom
Only just in from school and I need to muck out and ride 3 horses, write two essays and do loads of other school work
Feeling stressed!!!!! Wish I could take my daughter's pain away. Her poor knee is really messed up.
Dear school, please slow down I hate having to multitask through different classes just for a stupid midterm.
So tired of being tired and stressed ALL the time! It doesn't make for a happy Kylie
All this stress is killing me, I can't keep doing all of this work, school family problem everything is killing me emotionally!
Damn. Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready. I still haven't seen Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ("B's").
I've been meaning to buy a chefs hat or hoodie for like 2 years now, but now I really can't do it cuz of last night everyone will think I'm a bandwagon but I really just like their logo
I'm sorry in advance to anyone who has to interact with me for the next 4 weeks.
The amount of college supplements I've edited over the past few days and my owner still isn't done stressed <; <; <; <; <; <; <; <;
College is seriously so hard and these next 5 weeks aren't going to be getting easier
On Some Real I Shoes Ain't Fitting Coach Just Start Playing Me Stressed Feeling Like Devon
Oh shit both Machete and Crank 2 was on tv at the same time. I love both of them. I don't know which one to watch!
Driving 13 hours is exactly what I want to be doing right after a 3 day tournament
How is it possible to be this tired and not be able to fall asleep!?
So many decisions to make and things to do within the next month that I'm not even ready for
I haven't even started school yet and I'm stressed to the max and I want to give up on everything.
America, you do know that we need a 9th Supreme Court Justice to help w/ checks and balances, right? Guess who nominates that person?
Managers: are your employees stressed in the workplace. Try these tips to boost morale and productivity.
: I've come to realize that I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over anxiety stressed" Do you even lift bro?
I had a dream last night that I had a dream that I had missed like a week and a half of grad school classes and I had a paper due and I couldn't figure out what my schedule was but I woke up in my dream STILL missing class and man oh man it never ends does if
I wish money was never an issue. Ever. The world would be better off without it, causing stress. Stressed headache
Bieber in the house you! Hello, my haggard face.. Helen SA ubrahanay plates.. stressed tired
Every Friday night without fail, 44 is late going into town wasting money I'm paying,
I just can't keep up with all of these people that suddenly entered my life.
Quote Next time you're stressed, take a step back, inhale and laugh. Remember who you are and why you're here.
I feel like I never have time to do anything.. But yet I waste so much of my time I do have. Stressed
Fear is just an excuse to try harder. " Fearful anxious, stressed faith, hope trying hard
Seriously stresses out. Never have anyone to talk to about anything when I feel like this
Who's that? RT: wonder I'm stressed, thinking about which one will debut and which one will break up,,
I did that thing called an all nighter last night. I regret every minute of it. Stressed library time
Literally cannot wait to go home for easter getmeaway stressed annoyed Not in the mood what so ever.
STRESSED = DESSERTS SPELLED BACKWARDS IF U STRESSED JUST GET HUNGRY TURN UR PAIN INTO AMBITION and GRIND TO GET WHAT U WANT
This is going to be the worst week ever. What a great way to end my senior year.
It's really hard to find a place to go cry and be by yourself when you live in the dorms.
So tomorrow is the US History EOC and I'm so nervous because I forgot everything it seems like.
Love my 2014 Cherokee, except for the transmission and computer problems I've had since day 1.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry!
For the first time in a while, I feel on the constant verge of a panic attack.
Today was not my day and neither was yesterday. I have way too much going on.
This next month will probably be the most stressful month of my life. So there's that.
I feel like everything is just not working out today. I need to get away.
Anxious gonna begin DeviousMaids in bed with a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza takes my mind off things. Stressed
Feeling stressed? Get outside and take a walk around the park! Being in a natural environment helps reduce stress and recharge the brain
Maybe they should ask the STUDENTS how to improve instead of people who haven't been in school since typewriters were invented!
Crazy response once we posted that our house was for rent. Was about 2 pull out of the cruise do 2 increased anxiety.
being ignored by that one person when you need to talk to them the most
My computer isn't working and I don't know why!!!. Why now that I have a lot of things too
I can't with this A&P quiz tomorrow Who gives a 10 question quiz over 2 chapters
Feeling stressed out, lonely, or unfulfilled? Take a break from mundanity and go on an all-American sex vacation!
Maybe if I cry during the final my professor will feel bad and give me a good grade
Alright, it's official. I was the problem. I get it. I'm sorry I can't be perfect.
I am so grumpy right now. Dev environment fucking up, being split so many ways Uuuugggggghhhhhh
There will be no more sleepovers for G if this is the attitude she returns with!! Taking tantrums left, right and center the day!!
I hate that coursework has word limits! How am I meant to cut out 500 words?!
I just wish I had help, but no. I have to do it on my own. Like always.
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow
If I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute-.-
This weather makes me wanna turn right around and go to bed all day and not worry about anything.
Time to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink. Because that's where I'm at in life run.
I'm like drowning in a pile of debt and I can't find a way out!!
I really need that bottle of wine that wouldn't let me purchase last night right now
It doesn't seem to matter how many years I've gone from quitting smoking, sometimes I just really want a cigarette
I am so stressed out I could just lay in my bed and cry all day. I'm so over money and people. Stressed
I don't think anyone's as excited as me about it is the weekend Stressed *thanks the man above*
Had my first break down about the wedding today. Have a feeling it could be the first of many.
Just because you know the material for the final at home doesn't mean you'll know it when it's in front of you.
this is gonna be one of the hardest things I've ever had to do, but I just have to be strong and get through it
I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.
This week of work has been super shitty so far.. Hopefully tomorrow is better! Ugh stressed
Know this move isn't gonna be a forever house, but the one after will be for sure!!!!
Why did I take up home ice!!! Stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed
Heading to bed, Goodnight everyone. Got my math exam at 10 am wishing me luck!!!
When or stressed, don't look down-or fixated on life that's already happened or fears of the future.
:: I burned my face with my straightener. ThisNeverHappenedBefore Stressed don't be stressed smile lol
Ok, so I still haven't watched any of the semi-finals of Britians Got Talent yet
I'm freaking out. I left my shoes, my poems and my clothes are Hailey's gym locker and I'm going to be in trouble at practice and idek.
My eyes when I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro
Tired of feeling depressed I seem to do everything right, but at the end of that day I feel like I'm doing everything wrong stressed..
Signed up for. Thanks  I have one more thing I have to write this month.
Completely and utterly lacking in any kind of motivation today. Cannot see the point at all.
This is not good I went from Weighing 120 pounds at the beginning of this year too now I weigh 96 pounds
Realizing more and more that the class schedule I have made it difficult to have time for homework.
Fuck eating. Every time I try I feel sick or I do get sick.
I really shouldn't leave homework till the last minute, never realized I even had this much to do-.-
my son 12 enjoyed the kids meditation session today, thank you meditate Sheffield stressed kids
Out and about trying to clear my head stressed just made a liquor run big bottles on deck cirocpeach
Wanted to watch a movie I could fall asleep to - Shallows with was not the right choice for that. I couldn't just fall asleep not knowing what would become of that beloved seagull.
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
Group work induced insomnia is worth it when you see a fox on your stupid clock library trips
Lets hope I have as little social contact as possible this week. I wouldn't want anyone killed
I haven't had decent sleep this whole semester ugh so happy school is ending in 4 weeks
Never had so many issues trying to get home from the hospital in my life
Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! Xmas break can't come soon enough
I seriously don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made. Maybe she should actually teach us!! Stressed
Just gonna crawl into a hole and never come out! I'm so done with everything! Stressed
how are you going to the Aladdin event, I am stressed about getting Jafar on time?
After a day like today, it's good to have some positive vibes come my way Stressed OverThinking
My head and my heart are fighting. Which do I let speak, and which do I tell to shut up? Confused concerned, stressed men
I can feel so much tension in my shoulders and I just want it to go away :(
The joy of getting the last little bit out of the toothpaste after number rolls to squeeze it out!
Heard that. No one has been able to master my Sunday turning schedule like you.
In need of a new phone. Ayisekho Indaba Yale phone nyan nyan. I'll do whatever it takes just to get a new phone
The best way to deal with today is to lock myself in my room OR to go to the gym and work my behind off. So legit!
I go upstairs so I can study.. Not so you can follow me and continue to talk to me!
Laid back Tuesdays NOT. Stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer! -
8 days left of high school and I still somehow feel like I can't finish it
I seriously think I'm gonna go home, turn my phone off and just watch movies with my mommy.
All I need is for you to step up and act like my best friend. I need you, my rock with kind words right now more than anything.
UGH! I'M SO MAD CAUSE MY FACE IS STARTING TO BREAK OUT and MY HAIR IS FALLING OUT! IT'S BEEN A WHILE SINCE I WENT THROUGH THIS!!!
: I'm going to fail all of my classes  screwed stressed, it's official I'm giving up
Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next
Story of my life stressed low point worthless overthinking story of my life ugh don't know
Hate it when my parents bitch about each other Feel so in the middle of this
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.
Been dealing with 2 hospitals, 2 specialists, and a surgeon. Doing whatever I can to save my dad's life.
Does wedding planning have you feeling stressed? Stop in and find out what you've been missing.
When u feel like u can't cope much more. Fed up of being put down angry upset
I love my friends, but if another one of them ever chooses to do a destination wedding that costs me $1460 they can suck my D
I didn't save my work I need to show my boss tomorrow and now I can't sleep, but I gotta go in early to finish it shiiiiit I screwed the pooch on this one
So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".
I'm tired  and I don't know if it's a sleepy tired or just tired of life stressed
Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
So jealous of the kids who don't even have to try, but still get great marks in school.
: ": probation irks my fucking life nigga" I feel you, you would have already rocked a bitch. " Stressed lmaooo
I need a very Zen environment to be around right now, and this house isn't one.
The first thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up
Mixed feelings about today: physics final at noon, but then Star Wars rogue one ton.
Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.
Can't decide if I need a drink, a hug, some crack, a massage, 15 hours of sleep or all of the above.
Every day I hurt more and more, both physically and emotionally. Recurring nightmares of my past are haunting me even more and my body hurts, making it difficult for me to
Piled up with work and Chinese New Year halls are coming to an end. Time to get working!
Very happy to be getting an extra dose  and today, but what is this music?!
I have to go clean out my classroom tomorrow. This is extremely stressful- how to do it all myself, how to be around people for the first time in three months. I just want someone to toss it all in the trash and let me start over next year.
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried
Fed up with your glorified word. Word that manifest within me. It's starting to become a knife. That stabs me and bleed me to death. I hope that I will survive. With the knife disguised as a word. I wish I could survive, I truly
I've got an essay, 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a Spanish oral all due this week.
Say what you want to say about me. I don't freaking care anymore. I don't care what people say about me anymore. It's all lies anyway!
When school and exams are finally over I'm going to need some serious time for retail therapy and hibernation!
73 MORE DAYS TILL PROM OMG I'M GONNA CRY BC I KNOW I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING LAST MINUTE
I looked at the syllabus and noticed that the midterm exam for Legal Systems is on March 12, 2013. I also have 2 choices on Friday.
Gonna be my worst January so far! Mums got a hairline fracture in her leg, so I have to be mum for 4 weeks and I have exams
Math seriously stresses me out to the point where I cry. How will I ever make it as a biochemist?
There aren't enough hours in the day to do all the things I need to do.
I just want to get the organic final over with so I can breath again!
I dislike it when I have these moods when I don't want to do anything. Stressed D:
The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tires needed.
so the Wi fi isn't letting me check equals or my emails is it trying to tell me something
I am just so done with this day, this week, this semester. I just want to quit everything.
It's time for me to go to bed and prepare myself for a long day. Gain
Just now leaving Myrtle Beach right now and I am actually excited to go home, I really need to not be stressed because people want me to have a fun time where most of the time I just like to relax
Go fuck a duck exams, I want to sleep in Lol! Kidding, I need to pass
So many changes are being made in my life. I'm not sure how I can deal, but doing, the best way I know how to.
I have a book review due today, test today, and a book presentation on Friday
Idk why I'm so homesick, but all I want is to not be here anymore stressed
30 days until we say "I do" at  excited and stressed all at the same time
I'm fucking sick of this shit, I just wanna be loved. I'm struggling to find someone who actually gives a fuck
The moment when you are too stressed to sleep, and you know you need sleep badly.
These teachers giving me so much work so close 2 exams! Can't wait till exams ova! I already have enough stress 2 deal with!
Wish going to the physio was free and didn't cost the equivalent of like your first born child for a massage because I need one!
I subscribed to a few different newsletters about happiness, staying calm, and avoiding procrastination. I am now anxious and stressed about the number of e-mails in my
I need an all you can eat buffet and a gallon of ice cream and a hug because stressed
Have had the day off to get organized for the weekend and I've done nothing!?!?
A research paper due Friday, sociology test Friday, and huge lab test Friday that counts twice and determines if I pass or fail..
This week has been so stressful. It doesn't help that I have gotten almost zero sleep
It's important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene.
The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic. I need a me day.. and a case of wine.
Why did I make this semester, so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.
I get so stressed when I have to say to someone they need to do it themselves. I'm such a doer
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed x
Finally got some good sleep, but now my head and face hurts stressed jaw I can never win :( x
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school is two completely different things
Need football back. That's my thing, tried to go a season without and I can't do it
A bit stressed out? A nice massage will help. Call us to schedule!! Franklin Park 847-671-0555 / Chicago
I swear I have never been there a so much ballast in my life until I met my baby daddy
1:30 AM and I am wide awake. Can't do this anymore.. so much on my mind.
After this week I'm going to need a glass of wine. Or maybe the entire bottle
Love what I do for my family. But sometimes it's mentally exhausting when they are ill
My dance show is literally at the most inconvenient time. It's the same weekend as my brother and boyfriends graduation.
Apartment hunting is exhausting and frustrating. If anyone knows anything about the outer Boston area, please let me know!
PSA: it is not okay to call an office phone, be upset over something no one has control over, scream at the person, and when you don't like the answer they give you, to call them a worthless little c*nt it is rude, disgusting, and unnecessary behavior.
You need to learn how to relax your body and your mind to drift off to completely relax and let go".
I just want a job where I can come home and not stress about it
Nothing I hate more than being clueless about something, and not being able to figure it out
Whenever I have a day off I always get asked to work. When can I have fun.
I have so many things to do these next 5 days that it's ridiculous! Too Busy LotsOfHomework TestsOnTests Stressed :/
Had one of those days where I will be having a bottle of wine to chill!
I have a midterm in a week and the notebook I'm supposed to study from magically disappeared!!!!
That moment when you realize that you're going to be poor and unable to pay for school next
I'm stressed about whether I should be most stressed about driving, districts, colleges, or the play
On Friday I have a 6am flight to Jhb, plus I have my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I'm going to die -_-
I feel like by the end of the day tomorrow I'll have bought a pack of cigarettes
Excuse me while I become a hermit for the next two months so much work to do in such little time
Looking forward to ballet class tonight. Need to destress big time! This weekend away cannot come soon enough!
: I just need my time to breathe and think about today a little bit. That's all I ask..
A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds, but ill eat em anyway. Stressed
Honestly trying so hard right now to have a freak out.. ugh life stress money..
Oh, I hear it, that's wassup and is good so far, I'm tight I can't find my headphones to stressed lml
Trying to find a new home in a city you barely know is the most difficult task. Knowing nobody doesn't help.
If anyone ever tells you that taking a web design class is fun. Think twice b4 saying yes. Just saying
Stressed? Don't worry, we bring you the nature's most effective Stress Busters! Tags: food eats clean diet
the last time will hold their warm hand, kiss their warm forehead, I love my dear special and loving Uncle..
why is gaining weight so easy, but losing it is like trying to freaking figure out the goddamn rubiks?
Ohio State study: 100 volunteers got identical blisters. Stressed out, angry volunteers took 4X as long to heal.
- Is feeling stressed today, in need of a huge amount of HUGS. Any offers!!!???
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
Damn, so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. Damn stressed couldntsleep good night too
I just want to drive home and spend the day firing through rounds and rounds of shells.
Cruisin takes a lil toll on the gas tank, but it's always well worth it, especially times like these.
Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!
Just wondering.. do we have nerves at the end of r actual nerves?? Cos somebody is really on every single last one
Idk why it matters, but for some weird reason I feel like I'm not good enough..
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety, Depression
Can I just go back to bed without thinking about the 1,001 things I have to do?
Is it true people retaking some AS modules have to do the yr 12 mocks in Jan?!
Not being able to take rescue remedy till I have driven to college because there's 23% alcohol in it!!
Been up since 4 and still have 15 pages to read. If I make it through this week I think can make it through anything.
how the hell am I supposed to decide how to coordinate the colors of my leg crossed and kitchenette in my imaginary kitchen
Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready for the holidays
: supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everything.. but studying! Finals stressed
Lazy days don't exist anymore, not a single day until Christmas I don't have something I need to do/go on
I know it's due tomorrow, but I still can't seem to concentrate and do it what is wrong with me!!
You're like a father to me, how am I supposed to explain so you'll understand?
All I want to do takes a super hot bubble bath an blast Tswift
I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about.
Stress makes you think that everything needs to be fixed right now Nah find your calming place and Fix it step by step
Hate that I have my work email on my phone. Hadn't even left the house yet and the emails come flooding in.
Love being on for 200 quid and 2 matches getting abandoned when results were what I needed not been a good day
Gonna cost me 500 bucks for a new fuel pump plus the money for labor. SOO
My daughter has been an absolute rascal today! Had to get her in headlock a few times! She's finally in bed so few beers I think
The essay I am writing about mental health is causing me so much stress that it's affecting my mental health. But at the same time it's shown me how I have a lot to be grateful for.
Had a such a shit day I've turned to a brew I don't drink tea life must be bad
It's 1am and I just got home from Brittons and I haven't started packing and I'm tired and leave in 7 hours
The Lack Of Help I've been getting From Some Of My Coworkers Lately Is Irritating, To Say The Least.
In 25 hours I will be at the airport. I have a lot to do between now and then!!!
I worry about things I can't control, but then I worry about not being able to control them
Stressed RT: Come get me I need a drink!  : Bouta get trashed lol
I've been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days
It's hard not to get jealous for things you never really wanted in the first place.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all
Either I'm doing something wrong or someone completely forgot to mention the college work would be this hard
I have problems of my own right now I don't need more to worry about
if you think there's hope for the people who never went to a Justin Bieber tour
Don't want to go in here n clock n but somebody got to do it2Blessed 2Be Stressed
Finally going to get out of my current living situation thank god been going thru it the last couple of days
stressed Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather than continuing to work on what I truly love
Can't sleep because of how unprepared I feel for this exam on Monday and knowing I'm working all day tomorrow
Why do I care so much about my GPA? I'm in college. All that matters is I graduate.
Writer's block when you are juggling 4 papers is not an encouraging experience venting stressed
In a boiling hot Radox muscle relax bubble bath, hopefully this will chill me out
: have to finish homework, find my missing dance shoes, and pack for convention.. greaaaaaat
I had a mental breakdown today, thanks to college final exams and other aspects of my life.
I just want to take an hour long drive through the country to clear my mind.
I have been in the library, since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. Premedprobz stressed
I have so many things going on this week, I can already tell it's not going to be good!
IndieFLL: You're all beautiful. And I love every single one of you. Talk to me, I'm here. Imaboy stressed
My date better fucking buy his tux. I did not pay his ass to come for nothing
Please can I get an intern to help me out with all I need to do.
always wide awake on the nights when I know I have to get up early
RU stressed RE work or friends? Tapas Acupressure works w/ free script for BIG issues. Easy to follow guide
Sadness invaded every crevice of my brain. But things will look up soon. I just have so much I need to get done this week.
I wonder who invented education Just wished that you come back to life, so I can end you again.
The amount of things I need to accomplish this week is unreal. Holy shit I'm going to die stressed
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car
I try so hard to do well Somehow I end up messing it up every time
I'm so p'd off.. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic!!!!! Ahhhhhhhh
I bet I will have my first gray hair by the end of this year!
I wish I could pause life and curl up to watch a movie and just not care about 1 single thing going on
the scary moment when you feel life is spinning out of control going nowhere but down
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation
Best place when I need to come a just get away. Pond stressed boots dontcare
Happy New Year!  . Now can I just have my foot back so I can run?!?
I got so many empty blanks for me right now I don't even know where to start.
I'm sad, mad disappointed, frustrated worried, stressed etc. and you wonder why I don't/can't sleep.
Need to stop crying before work. I'm going to get asked so many questions if they see me sad or crying.
The worst thing by far about Xmas is constantly losing the end of the setup!
You somehow manage to turn everything I say in a lecture about school and getting 100% on everything
Why don't I ever figure this out the first time. I'm always rushing to get things done and figured out!
Going to a Sarah's in an hour and haven't even got ready someone kill me now
I just wish I wasn't so unsure about everything and I know what's going on with my life
The fact that I can't even brainstorm and make up 5 pages worth of material shows how much I DON'T know about my research topic!
I swear all my professors get together and assign a shit ton of work all at the same time. So much to do, so little time
Sitting here Thinking was told that my Boyfriend will be facing prison time stressed TwitterFamous ILoveMyGod
: Settled for cereal. Now it's so crunchy that I can't hear the movie I'm watching.
Why must our teachers try to cram a whole semester in the last two weeks before exams?
Wow wtf I'm STILL procrastinating right now I get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah
Being a fan and a fan may be the most stressful thing I'll ever have to deal with
I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school
So much going on in my life right now. I honestly don't know what to do with myself
Turned around for two seconds and Joshie pours spaghetti bolognaise all over his head just as I'm about to go out.
An hour wait for the train, may as well have a cheeky vodka and lemonade in withers
Thoughts that I don't need running through my head 8 AM Class is gonna come early!!
I always think when studying why am I am nursing major. Then I go to the clinic and think, oh that's why. Stressed
When you get accused of smoking weed at work, but it was only a cigarette. Like damn chill out.
I wish I could light something right now stressed! It's a great thought bout those days are gone
The millennial generation wins a prize no one wants: they are the most stressed. How does your teen handle stress?
Why is it so hard for people to choose a dress code? How the hell am I supposed to know what's too dressy
I know I can cast my anxiety, but wish I could cast my research paper on Christ
just took my bio final, lord have mercy and let me get a good grade in that class
I haven't written anything undeserving of being spit on in so long I've never been so uninspired I want to cry STRESSED
Trying to get ahold of someone at the Illinois Dept of Employment Security is nearly impossible. I don't understand why I can't talk to a legit human. I have been without pay since 3/20/20  common
Scared sick, mad stressed nervous, angry disappointed <; <; <; All of what I'm feeling right now! !
Thanks for adding an unexpected 800 cost to our wedding budget with your delays, lost luggage and indifferent customer service replies
Yeah, it's nice having my own car, but damn its stressful having to leave right from school and go right to work just to afford my car.
On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.
When I legit spend 45 minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab, you know how serious I
I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night.
If I'm mean today I'm very sorry. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.
Last work day of the year and tons of stuff to get done today! Stressed overload (@ Smart Business)
I need some greasy food and a nice cold beer because today is just not my day.
Oh, we have finals tomorrow!! Stressed TeamStudyHard oh wait, I don't stress or study ever. How could I forget?
Insanity yeah ill be there soon stressed I told you earlier ima get there lol
There isn't enough time in my life to do all the things I need to do!!! Stressed
Really need 31 to buy a OneLoveManchester hoodie, but I only have 19 to my name until Thursday  no time stressed
I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I freaking hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.
I need to come up with 6 different desserts by the end of this month.
That feeling when you see something isn't going to end well and there's nothing you can do about it
I hate not having time to do what I need to do. I can't go to school, go to force, do my homework, go to work, and sleep.
I just want someone to tell me that everything is going to be okay this semester. Stressed full schedule iwillsurvive need motivation
Never been in such a rush in my whole life, got an hour to get food and get from one work to the other
Just because the problem is fixed doesn't mean I have to be happy with the solution.
Do you feel trapped, like you can't get out? Spend your day thinking of things you never thought you could think about. Thursday morning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ
Sometimes I just wanna pack up and start all over again. Today is 1 of them days!
Omg some guy told me that I should "play the hot chick on every tv show" omg does he think I'm lazy and have the time to do that?
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk I hate going home and being behind
Not in the mood, but still gone try and get thru it! GymFlow Stressed
These chilled and early days at Uni are making me nervous cos I know suddenly all the work is going to come at once
Oh, just one of those times when I curl up into a ball on the floor and cry my eyes out. Yeah, it's one of those days
Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year, but on Rogers they are down 22%. Anyone working at Rogers right now has gotta be STRESSED!!
I know it's homecoming and everything but I'm so ready for this week to be over! Stressed
These last two weeks have been the busiest two weeks of my life it feels like. I'm just so tired and still have SO much to do.
Thanks SNHU for having all Lit 200 classes only holding up to 10 kids, how the fuck do you expect us to get in?
I don't even care I will make time to sit in the hot tub tonight
Need to get cracking so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do!
It's so scary living on this planet knowing we are destroying it in every way and in the end destroying ourselves
The world got you stressed or pissed off Check out "Fire Proof" by Wyldkardz - PLZ RT
Can't even sleep on the weekends now this is really getting me down, oh well bit of American a Hustle and Word Chums it is then
When you try to nap but end up thinking about how you might have been secret shopper and you kinda feel like walking out.
Last minute studying before our finals, lets do this e_moan finals week stressed tired hard work @
Great as well as that presentation and exam on the same day. I also have to hand in an essay, for the same class as the exam :(
It's really hard to focus on studying when I have real things that actually affect my life to worry about
so stressed out because don't understand how to do the presentation for my class tomorrow
Everybody is all hype to go home for break and I'm sitting here like. HOME?! Stressed drama my fave
Took my car in at 8, no classes all day, not feeling well, and haven't fallen back asleep. Can you say?
Of course, everyone feels like shit the air is broken. CommonSenseFolks Stressed its like people are intent on fucking with me at the end of this book ever been interrupted 3 fucking times.
The only thing preventing me from laying on the train tracks is my trip on the 14th.
There are times when as much as I would like to write or read or even watch TV the only thing I can focus on is video games.
Currently having a nervous breakdown about my exam tomorrow. Someone give me a cuddle or two :(
Please call 01389298225 for all inquiries / emergencies due to a phone line issue and leave a voicemail
I have been sick more already this year than ever in my life and it's only February  stress is a killer
I need a machine that sucks out all of the unnecessary thoughts from my brain. And put back  what's really relevant. Stressed
: If college hasn't made you consider becoming a stripper at least once or twice. Your taking the wrong classes
I should probably just go to sleep because I'm not gonna get a text back.
I always have far too much time to think about things when I'm at work
This US is going to start looking really different when all these girls can't get out to get their lashes filled, nails did and extensions tightened.
Just submitted my athletic training application These next couple of weeks are going to be the longest weeks ever.
Feeling a lil stressed BC my great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the Beanpot, but I will def be too drunk to interact whim there :/
Waking up every morning n can not wait for it to be bedtime again ha Least I got my girls n my man tired stressed x
Did all the teachers have a group meeting and decide to set 1000 essays this week?!
Bought my revision books with me to work so I can do a bit during my lunch break. Revision is killing me!
When I have to study, but my head is pounding and I feel so sick! Can't wait for this semester to be over
I wish I could get my head into a good space so I can get on with my next book
Really wish I got paid for being a PA sometimes! Extra pressure is not needed I'm already really feeling the pressure of my work on
Anyone go into a slight panic when trying to remember what Diddy's name is? P. Diddy, or is it Puff Daddy again?
Having volleyball or 2 hours, then going straight to dance for 2 hours and now I lay here on my floor with no motivation to move
Wish someone would just tell me what I need to do with my life I can't decide on my own
I just can't wrap my mind around all the things I have to pack, and all the people I have to say goodbye to in the next 11 hours
You know you're having a bad day when you lose your phone and forget your wallet, and my day hasn't even started.
Is it the end of the semester yet? I'm sick of studying for finals and writing 7-10 pages for a paper.
: Eating bananas are a natural cure to reduce the effects of stress and anxiety. " Think we need to stock up stressed
seeing couples doing summer activities and then looking at my life and seeing 12 credit hours of school work stressed not fair
So I have 5 days to come up with $175 or I'm going to not only be jobless but be homeless and jobless. Ugh!
With information on education being released by the Government regularly, many schools and teachers are left stressed and confused
The list of the things I know I wanna do with my life. HAHAHA  stressed
I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send!!
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
Angry tears. I'm fucking fed up. Fuck this test ima fucking fail, I can't sleep with these fucking kid bro.! Stressed
Hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week
Stayed at a friend's house to have an easier commute to work.. on the way in and. Flat tire
So ready for this day to be over. ItsOnlySecondPeriod worst day ever had in a long time
Any guesses at what my kindle passcode is? Got to update it before amazon will make it obsolete tomorrow!!!
That final quarter was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on the radio whilst driving 110km/hr!
I'm ready to go to this play Hopefully it will get me in a better mood than I am in todaywasnotmyday stressed confused Girls are stressed
I need an assistant to keep track of all of the applications I am receiving for an assistant.
Stressed out? Feeling overweight? Want to do something about it? This BC resort vacation has what you need
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Distress
I really just want a girls night out and go out to the bar or club
Clearly my mom this I am too stressed. // Mom, calm down to stress work cookies food mother
I just want to be able to get through a week, just one week, without feeling stressed.
Are you holding yourself back? It is time to release yourself from stress? Stressed exhausted worrying empowering
: I've got so much to do and I always leave it till the last minute" exactly what I thought when I woke up!!
The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED
Is your child stressed? Chilling' Kids is designed for families whose children "feel the stress more". Ages 4-7
My check for work bounced, it's been a week, 1/2. So fed up with work.
My to-do list is way too long. And full of really important things. How can I decide what gets done first???
Decided to give myself a guitar lesson at this time! Should be learning lines, but fuck it
I think me and will be ready for the Christmas break after the last few weeks stressed x
Decisions are my least favorite thing in this world and somehow I have to make like 15 million in the next 48 hours stressed
: So much work to do, so little time. So many things need to be done, so little time.
8:30am PhD Defense = 2 orders of hot coffee travelers, 1 bottle of cold brew concentrates, some waters, juice, fruit tray, muffins and some bagels with cream cheese (and creole cream cheese) available. I hope I'm not forgetting any
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! Empower empowering stressed, worry overwhelmed
Love it when my 8yr old comes to say "my hamster has escaped!" feisty thing - my 12yr old is now my hero!
I am genuinely going to fail every single exam next month.. no revision resulting fuckit stressed
Stressed? Learn to reduce anxiety and stress in 2 min w! Join 30SecondMom chat, Wed 8pmCT! RSVP!
Well it was easier for me to focus on fitness when I wasn't in school stressed already
wish I didn't have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about
I have the worst feeling in my stomach right now and I don't know why
Last day off before I have a week of juggling 2 full time jobs oh!!!! Why do I do this to myself!!!!
E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Last 25mins trying to nap him a complete disaster.
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't eat it.
All I'm doing this weekend is homework, homework, homework, and more homework  Can't wait until this semester is over!!
The body is aching like a bitch! But bring on the last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!
talacre beach really needs to sort there checking in routine caravans are never ready 30mins later and still sat in the car waiting.. peak season to low season it's always the same 3 kids stuck in a car not good
If anyone can recover missing files on a Mac, I need help in the most extreme way
WHY TELL ME YOU HAVE ROOMS AVAILABLE ON THAT DATE WHEN YOU HAVEN'T. Bloody Premier Inn
Ah lost my train of thought and there's less than an hour left in the game
Today? Today I feel stressed overwhelmed anxious, scared worried pain, lonely uninformed cheated duped misled hopeless no big deal
Total frustration when you have a batch of emails that need to be sent and laptop won't turn on
First, I have a religion unit test, then a science test, and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study
It's always nice coming home to your mother being gone and won't be home for a while when she's the one doing your hair for prom
If your girlfriends don't go to school near, you should it be weird to get a pocket pussy
Waking up in a panic thinking you've a way overslept when you've only slept 3 hours.
I'm starting to wonder if getting pissed off is a part of my daily routine
Dreading next week, but then again least ill have all my assignments done! Just right now it sucks
Trying to plan my buddies 21st bday present is proving harder than I first thought!
Why bother trying when reality shows you you didn't have a chance to begin with.
Hopefully the last of the Xmas shopping today, most organized have ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time
I leave college at the end of this month, and I have so much to do in such little time
I just sent Charles a plethora of texts about what I've been stressing about and he hasn't replied but I already feel better wow.
Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability
Getting my degree in marketing is going to kill me yet This is why 30 year olds shouldn't go to college.
That moment when I realize all three of my mid term papers are due a week from today lol
Having to do everything for this trip is just way too much to handle. I think I may have a breakdown
Watching Free Willy this morning and gets all worked up and asks tv, "How long is Willy ok out of water?!
I need to stop worrying about this scheduling stuff until I meet with my advisor.
You don't understand that I don't do big crowds. I just want everyone to go home..
My Eyes look so ugly. I got bags under my eyes looks like ima be wearing shades all summer
: La la la la. It's 4:18 am and I still can't sleep. Got my last exam in 12 hours.
2 and a half hours till I get up for work! Had 1 and a half hours sleep so far!
Need to clear my mind. Thank god it's a beautiful day for a run outside
All this lying and killing and framing people. All these crazy, psycho ambitious bitches out to get everyone!
I really need to stop putting my WWW words off until the night before the test..
OMG anyone would think my husband is on death row tomorrow not going on holiday! Stressed moody Get some cases
The invitations are in the mail. Now we HAVE to make it happen! Stressed quick wedding 2 months to go
Can I just go home, take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?
We're officially over half way through the week now - thank heavens for that. It can only get better now, right? Promise??
That blonde moment where you put the fresh milk in the cupboard and the sugar in the fridgetotally Hate it
Feeling like a good run to clear up my mind is perfect for right now
I've studied so much for this five chapter test on Wednesday, but I still have so much more to study.
Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. Stressed college life fucks
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!
I don't want to go back to res; I wanna stay home! Sick schoolsucks can't wait for this week to be overstressed.
Better get some sleep, I have a test that determines my future in the morning
I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and
GOOD NEWS: Tapos no periodical test. BAD NEWS: UPCAT test Newman burkas, morning 6:30am :3 Stressed!  Feeling worried
It was such a bad idea not looking for my suitcase, can't find it anywhere
Are Tums a food group and if so where do they go on 'my fitness log?
all my problems would be solved if I could just get buried in a pile of puppies
I have so much to do this week that I'm ready to cry just thinking about it.
: literally have a headache just thinking about how much work I have to do before the semester ends stressed canthisbeovera
Life is only as complicated as you make it. Let it steer you stressed or you get in the driver's seat in control. Only you decide.
So ill thinking with my new ventures guna be 1 things a certain me can't soldier it out much longer at this 1
No one will understand the amount of pressure I get from my family about school.
Seriously cyclone Pam will hit our shores on Friday. Music to my ears coz I won't get to sit for me
: A night at the batting cages to release all my stress is what I need.
Surprise date tonight, am currently wearing a jumper (not baggy), jeans (baggy) and Docs, make it go change? Also currently no make
I am so done with this week. I honestly don't think I can take any more.
To my loved ones and friends. If I have been hard to get a hold of or seem like I am not around much, it is finals week for me.
Too. Early. 3:30 am wake up call can't even. Also, WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH GREY HAIR stressed film life
I cringe at the thought of having surgery. Sadly, I'm realizing it has to be done. Stressed
You know you're stressed when you go to the drug store at lunch and return to your office with four new lipsticks and candy.
I'm a very positive person, but I already know today's not gonna be my day.
If I don't do well on the real estate law exam, everybody better stay out it my way
Help. I need a stress reliever during the day at work that doesn't involve chain smoking cigs.
Feeling stressed or overwhelmed? Try a breathing exercise, it can help reduce stress and anxiety
Oh damn STRESSED I think! Minor you'll smash them one-way you got the motivation :)
This has got to be a joke! There's only 5 more weeks of the semester left?!?!?!?!
Did you know that while you may not feel much like learning when you're stressed, training and coaching courses can provide the skills you need to boost emotional resilience and make it easier to identify your own personal triggers?
Health consists of seven dimensions: physical, social, mental, emotional, spiritual, environmental, and occupational health. Wellness is the degree to which these components of health are in
7 assignments! 2 of which are group projects due on the same day for different classes worth 25%! -_-
I feel like I've been really productive today. I got everything done that I needed to - that hasn't happened in a while.
Don't let a mess get you too stressed! That's what KingofMaids is here for! Cleaning
I have a lot of homework yet I took a nap and I'm going to a haunted house
: Cannot sleep!! Starting to be a regular thing and I hate it!! So much on MA mind :(..
It's been the roughest 2 days of my college career so far.. glad that shit is over with. I need to chill out
It's a daily struggle trying to meet the expectations of The Satanic Elite. I think they have an attitude
Less than an hour till my birthday and I'm not even happy let a loan excited
Gotta love when my dreams decide to just parallel the shitty reality, I'm  instead of taking me away to an alternate one
I hate it when I have so many important things I have to do but can't cause I'm stuck here at work and I just feel helpless
Don't usually smoke in my often, but the one time I do my mom wants to use my car the morning
Haven't had a good night's sleep in a week, mind is racing, stomach is in knots and my allergies are killing me. I was one hot mess!
I'm prepared to spend every lunch in the library to catch up on everything I didn't do this weekend
: I think if I were to clear my mind outside constantly, I would be less
I wish I could be off work now, I have so much stuff to do
Permanent headaches all day everyday from this dissertation Prob taken a few years off my life!
Why can't I get a check every two weeks just for going to college? Why do I have to work long hours AND go to school?
Stressed on really is an eye opener to how Irish people actually deal with stress. Makes you think about what we think is the norm is worth it for what it does to our mental and physical health!
The amount of stuff I have to get done in the next three weeks is unreal.
How am I supposed to focus worrying about her all day Not talking in 12 hours?
Been working for like 3 hrs now finished all the homework, but still have 2 paragraphs for Kavy's paper to go.
So I put and all of a sudden the following are all being tweeted about KeepTalkingMH MentalIllnessMisconceptions stressed pain SickNotWeak anxiety anxiety problems, OCD loneliness depression I'm like hey, I'm trending..
Just when I thought id done all my annotating and summarizing, I find another one!!!! Bored stressed
Feeling stressed by your to-do lists? | 3 Tricks to Escape a Time Scarcity Trap
I cannot physically stay up until 1 doing schoolwork. Even though I need to, my body will not let me.
Let's just run away to a fairytale land. Where there are no troubles or sorrows and only happy ever after. Stressed over it caniignor
GM, People don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a STRESSED one.
I would like for once not to feel the need to panic because things aren't going right
I have 40 plus pages of sketchbook work, 2 boards, and packing and supply hunting to do all of Saturday pretty much..
Playing with Play-Doh during finals week. Stressed finals week and yes, I found it in my mailbox. Like all the other Wilson residents.
Really hoping I don't have to cancel my birthday trip. It'll be the first time I've been able to have a girls weekend away!
Three days until cha2013. Last day in the office, making sure everything is in order.
Stressed Depressed Emotional I try my best to hide it. But sometimes I just need to cry.
Ag!!! Can not sleep  on an overnight busy busy too much on my mind stressed, ache all over.
Aww.. coworkers saved me some  and when I went out to a meeting with boss  theymakethejobbearable stressed padded 1daytilweekend
Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoke again. But at the same time I need to get this job.
Hoping a run will release some endorphins and get me out of this stressssssy mood!!
No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..
This is just all too much to handle. As if I didn't have enough on my plate :/
Trying to watch the walking dead, the AMA's and the Denver Broncos game all at once.
Made and printed a load of CVS last night and handing them out Saturday, someone plz give me a job.
That feeling you get when the last tie to him is so close to being cut <; 3 <; 3
Can not stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favors pronto Stressed LeaveMeBe?
: I don't see why my teachers are cramming everything in the last 2 weeks before spring break.
Met 2 encouraging women in the past 2 days that are so about to be my life coach and not even know it  I need to be uplifted;
I hate when I can't remember if I did something or not. I would think about it right before I go to sleep.
College Students, Are you feeling stressed about Finals Week? Here are some tips that can help you finish strong
I swear my family is the reason I started smoking, and the reason that I can't stop
This 10 page research paper literally fucking sucks.. And that is the complete best way I can put it
in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sense
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and Saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a better time
My mind has been so heavy lately, trying to keep my head up, but it's just taking over.
Waiting for my mama and them to get back from the funeral. Then ill decide what I'm gone do for the day.
Please Get well soon ": In so much pain. I hate being sick. My neck fucking hurtttttts.
Please please please pick me up TM at 7.10am from Chadderton, and not just drive past me like you did today
Think the game was tough for the fans to watch look at poor Alex Anthopoulos stressed ALCS Jays
I hate waiting on other people!!! Just let me get accomplished what I need to get done! Grrrr emailmeback stressed
Still some more Christmas shopping to go to work the next two days is not going to help!
I hope my guessing skills will be working in my favor today for this chemistry final
This is what my life feels like right now. Rain pouring storms sad RIPfriend bad day stressed
Id like to know that feeling Wayne had wen he said he ain't got "No Worries" cause I got a lot of them.
Definitely need to go out this weekend and get my mind off school for a few days
Might have a place to live for the summer next year though, is a whole other shiatsu I have yet to figure out.
I hope MS costly emails me back. I really need the rubric for this project.
Feeling the pressure of the real estate transaction from the buyer side will make me even more compassionate towards my clients.
Can't wait for tapas and a much needed night out with the girls in a few weeks!
I need Christmas holidays to come faster. I can't look at all this homework anymore
So sick of this already. I just want it to be over and done with. I thought I was done letting this bother me.
I had the weirdest dream and there was someone in my dream and I have wanted to tell this person and I just can't do it
When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning
I have no fucking life I'm always bored, I need some friends deadass!
how do I find out if I accidentally left my folder in a dressing room in Primark?
I have no time to be excited about the fact that I'm leaving for Europe Thursday night BC of all the fork shit I have going on stressed
Today's run time sucked. :-( Feeling pretty down. 3 weeks straight of nodaysoff training must be catching up with me.
The amount of things that I have to do within the next 48 hours <; <; <;
Is it supposed to rain or what today? I need some pool time damn it.
Why does transferring have to be so complicated and why doesn't my coach does everything for me anymore??
I wanna sleep for like 8 days straight and I feel like at this moment in my life I could
Tomorrow will consist of reconvening my job search and endlessly applying, applying, applying! Wish me luck angels and forgive me if I seem a bit absent from time to time!
Who's getting stressed about Christmas - re-tweet if you need a calming stress-ball. They make great presents too!
Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it
Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx
If your pile of work on Monday has you stressed, caffeine may not be the answer, but holding a hot cup can have a soothing effect.
The moment I realize that I have to make some pretty tough decisions dontwanto stressed gottadowhatihavetodo :(
I hate when you go to write a paper and then your mind goes blank. Ugh stressed
All three course schedules have been moved to an online format. Now I just have to figure out how to communicate all the changes to my students and update all online materials to accommodate the new assignments
I was hoping to finally have some stability. Guess you can't get everything you ask for. I can't say I wasn't warned
It's turning out to be another stressful day at work. I'm thinking a movie might be in order tonight.
Did you know More teenagers worry, MOST about schoolwork issues more than any other aspect of going back to school?
All these tests in the same week. I cannot put all this information in my mind at once dude.
Holy fucking stressed. Just had a nice little cry Sesh, time to pick myself up and start again!
Like all I want for my bday is a spa day that last a week really
It is just now hitting me that this next week and a half is going to be a stressful one.
So tired, but my OCD is kicking in! I will be cleaning until it's spotless!
Looking forward to clearing my head tonight by hitting a little white ball around a bunch of grass.
Thinking about dropping it, but then again, I wanna challenge myself, but then again, I don't like writing essays in history  Stressed
My life is crazy. I pretty much have no control over anything. Jut outrageously busy.
10 symptoms of adrenal fatigue and how to help restore your adrenal levels. A good read if you feel stressed
Why can't I be a dog? Their lives are so much easier than us humans
Never let a person try to change you an how you are making them happy its a lot of people that are stressed and they will try to throw it at you cause them miserable
Right when you think you got your shit together life bitch slaps you and says think again mf.
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam
I lay I'm bed at 9 BC I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10???
So tired of everything just quitting on me. In need of just brand new everything, but no money.
: That urge you have when you just want to punch someone in the face so bad!
& for the first time in a very long time I am NOT looking forward to the weekend -__ - can time just pause for a few days??
I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food
Love how I get over a 500 $ paycheck every month and its gone in a week since everything's so fucking expensive.
I gotta get back on it xxx, I lost everything the gear, the hoes, football lol
I have ACTs tomorrow, a tournament Friday and Saturday, prom Saturday night, and Geneva 4 after prom Sunday-Monday.
Got 20 dresses out wondering what to wear more depends on what lipstick I have got to match stressed ha-ha x
I really need a 4 door car, this 2 door Tiburon just isn't gonna cut it when Ryleigh gets here!!!
Time to stay up into see hours of the night studying for my stats midterm tomorrow at 8 in the morning. Me..
I haven't even been up for 2 hours and I already need a glass of wine
Feeling stressed? Try going for a run. Exercising increases your overall health and sense of well-being.
No tweeting for me during the game today. Gotta lock in and get this W
My eyes are starting to close.. ugh.. I am not studying yet.. please.. I gotta study.. please..
I got picked for a case in jury duty that starts Monday. Same week as STRESSED
I've lost the beginning to my ends, so now where do we meet? Somewhere in the
Sooooo, I just forgot the word for PowerPoint. How much cortisol can the brain handle before there's permanent damage? I'm seriously worried about my prefrontal cortex. You okay there, bud?
I honestly don't know if God is punishing me or testing me right now.
All I can think about is cars cars cars. I need a new one so freaking bad. I hate mine
The amount of homework and tests I have coming up is making my stomach churn
I was too sad to do how last night, but my professor cancelled the quiz and showed a documentary in
When a big ass bug flies into your car and you try to keep your cool and drive at the same time
I'm freaking tired and stressed, stupid coffee is not doing it for me, I'm switching to whisky!
I care far too much about what other people think  the point I get panic attacks.
She swears that she's always right, she never wants to hear wtf I have to say!
Weekend where you at? Hurry I need my lie in and a day to just relax and chill
My phone does this thing where if it thinks too hard it shuts off regardless of how much battery is left. Wish I could do that
Lighten up, just enjoy life. Smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things. Kenneth
Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes? Like why can't it be easy for a change?!
Safe to say, I feel like crying after writing my outline of assignments for this week.
Maybe if I stopped replaying the last few months over and over I could sleep
Another day down in my 8 year adventure still easy, but super stressful damn I wish
Procrastination): ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter! Don't care stressed almost done
When someone can't use the few outlets they have to stress, that person will become
Ughhhh I'm gonna be late. Hate this shit. I need to fix my car. Hate is living my life on everyone else's schedule.
Think I'm going to give up trying to grow my hair out I'll only be gray when it comes through
Lol, I was with a parent and they go wash your eye is really red I was like, oh yeah its my contacts *looks in the mirror I POPPED A VESSEL IN MY EYE
No one is more stressed out than I Alaia zipper today!!! 2 stomach flu away from goal weight
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work, I need to bust up my grades
God, please help me make it through my first college final, as you always help me through everything.
Check out what I learned about taking time to heal from being overwhelmed and stressed
What time is gold medal game? You're advertising 6am EST but guide is showing 7am EST?
If someone would care to be somewhat nice to me today, I'd greatly appreciate it.
Getting my rib cage tattooed was like getting a massage compared to this insane neck pain.
what a week, can't wait for a break and some chill time soon :( stressed
Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework, then packing x2. Stressed already tired
I almost started crying in class today BC my prof accidentally said that our final was a DAY from tomorrow instead of a WEEK from tomorrow
Brilliant when on day one of the Uni the computer decides to crash and delete EVERYTHING. Going to be a long year
: Going shopping for the 849292727 times looking for a court dress stressed I FEEL YA
When you are almost done with your bachelor's degree in Television and have a revelation that you might want to be a nurse
If I make it through the next two weeks alive, I'll be the real MVP.
The days of no time for lunch, making to do list in my sleep and literally losing hair is back again!
On a scale of 1-10, how Stressed are you today? Practicing Relaxation techniques before bed can help you wind down and ease into
I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed
I know life's not supposed to be easy, but don't make it harder than it has to be
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks
Of course I'm bloody moody, I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life
AP tests, finals, sat, act: HOW AM I GOING TO STUDY FOR ALL OF THIS!!!! Let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts!
I've learned this semester that I get overly stressed once a week, at least. This isn't good.
This week has been such a doozieglad tomorrow is Friday. I just have to get through it. Bad day worse week stressed :(
: I don't think I've ever been more ready for summer than I am right now.
This night was a mix of too hot, too cold and nightmares. This is taking me to my limits. -.-
Waiting for the moment I crash and get totally burnt out. Stressed never ends just too much going on.
I don't wanna do that be nice thing with the whole school to many people and I don't have the colors
Cleared your head? Yeah ill give you two more months for it to fill up again! Pissed stressed, hurt confused!
And there ain't no turning back when our train is off its track, and there's nothing we can do but watch it crash.
I thought that hell week was over today, but NO. Tomorrow's gonna be the last one. :(
Already know I'm not sleeping tonight. My mind is a total mess!! I'm surprised I haven't lost it.
You know you're stressed when you get an infected eye and a giant cold sore suddenly appears on your lip.
Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. Why do I feel like I wanna puke or pass out.
From solving polynomials and inequalities, to trying to remember what a gastrocnemius is and where the semitendinosus is
The phone has been going crazy all day. Making hella big moves in a short period of time
Why does applying for schools have to be so complicated? Why do you need 40 forms from me? Just say yes or no!
Idk who's idea it was for me to take Botany with Sirigiri and Comp 2 with Davis, but it wasn't mine. Oh, did I mention micro computer apps too???
Well, today has been stressful! I think I need a spa day when this bloody vamp is over!
All of a sudden I forget how to drive  just turned off my car without putting it in park. School got me fucked up already.
I want to scream for three days straight, then cry, then sleep for the rest of eternity but what's new
Cannot get over my workload! Going to be floods of tears over the next 3 weeks!!! Stressed Uni
Stressed out? Book a massage with us! We have open at 3:30 PM and 05:00 PM  Thursday, July 17th! Call 469-0200 or book thru our website!
If its not one thing its another. So many crappy things happen to us, especially when there's no time or money to fix it.
Had quite a nice chilled weekend planned - funny how one email can change all that
The moment when you didn't realize you were being registered for class and are now in jeopardy of being withdrawn AND having to pay?
I Can't Find My Kush. . . . Stressed Out. . What If I Folks Get Hold Of It! Damn
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. Then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
My kids' homework ain't no joke. How can I encourage them to get good grades when I can't even get the damn problems. Some of my answers were wrong.
Who Evers smart idea it was to put C3 and English lit on the same day needs a blocking!
Swear my baby momma pisses me off How hard is it to let me know you made it somewhere safely?
Annoying when the dress you want is out of stock until March 2016.. Need a plan B for Saturday
Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant
Does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bars of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. I am
Literally don't make the scholarship cut off at Marymount  20 points on my SAT
It's that time of year where student stress out, coffee runs at 1am and wanting to know when it will ball over
All the liquor stores are closed! I'm still writing papers and I need a dude to come through with a bottle!
My day went from great to being super annoyed with life in a matter of 20min.
I cannot wait to be off work and priorities met so I can chug down this bottle of Riesling.
Feel stressed? Says smash it out! We talk breaking bottles and big screen TV's tonight @ 7:15
Had a whole week of spring break, doing nothing, and now is when I'm doing my school work.
Can't believe it is almost Thanksgiving already! I have so much to do before I graduate in 3 weeks
I am so upset right now, I haven't liked anybody post in the past 24 hours, I think I have run out of likes or have hit my like limit.
Stressed right now, ready for this week to be over. Hope we get a good grade.
Do you ever just sit and question every choice and decision you have ever made?
You don't realize how much stuff you accumulate at college until you come home and try to unpack it all
It shouldn't matter how I spend my credit from your error. Miles plus cash tickets should qualify as well as cash tickets.
Still hungover but now I just want to drink more. Just not ready for tomorrow at all. Bank accounts still zero and Christmas is around the
My first time stepping foot and studying at HCC. KCC is still the best though.
To attempt to do my homework or accept the fact that I wouldn't get it done anyways and just go to bed?
Trying to find somewhere to live is so fun. Not. Anyone renting a room in Exeter feel free to message me.
if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be I may not make it until Friday
Idk why I can never sleep at night.. I'm up not trying to figure out the future for the college..
Sitting in my car in Calvary debating if I wanna go to class or just sleep here in Marla
The fact that my portfolio is due Wednesdays and I need to still do the whole thing
Seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.
Stressed? We understand. But, we also know you can't work that way. We can help. Entrepreneur
Art coursework in bed at 1am on a Friday, what a fun life I lead stressed tired art coursework
If I make it through this week I am going to be amazed stressed :/
I'm excited for the dance. Just because of the fact that it clears my head like no other.
So much catching up to do with so little time and energy to do it.
About to be at the f*ck out of this bag. Phones Off Angry Stressed Punching Bag Falcon Punch fuck off
From the looks of it, I need to go shake something at Twerk It Tuesdays at Pure Passion and make a lil change. Stressed
so many clothes, absolutely nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy something
I'm never gonna get a good night sleep it's impossible! 4 am is gonna suck!
Being stressed without a millimeter of white space in our calendar was not God's original plan.
So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down
I want my mommy to hold me and tell me everything is going to be ok.
: The only question I want answered in life is why does ONE VEIN have 50 different names. Each turn the vein makes them
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throwing/break things, cry and scream.
If my biology exam was tomorrow and I had all today to revise that would make me a bit happier
Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help! How to Unleash your Hidden Healing Potential - via
midterms got me not being able to sleep for more than 2 hours at a time
2nd attempt at having a tooth out shortly. Hope gas and air are better than a local!
Chill mode waiting for pizza about to smash!! Lol but stressed wanna cry, but ima be great and
I am that stressed that my whole body is breaking out in eczema. School sucks. I hate this.
Some people lose sleep when stressed. Lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.
Can someone take my clubs away from me so I never have to play again?
Who would have thought that organizing a wedding would be easy? Yes, that's right, I did.
14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. Still nervous for Friday too
I always have the worst experiences ordering pizza. Never in my life will I order another damn pizza!!
So much to do and so little time stressed I'm going to bed now and praying I don't fail everything tomorrow.
I'm having dreams of kicking your ass, why? Maybe it has to do with you fucking me over and over again!
Tonight - Restorative Yoga @ 8.30pm. Perfect if you can't quite manage a full yoga session If you're
Last show done. Up the M1 and already chained to laptop working after dinner while throwing endless stuff into the washing machine
: If I had a dollar for every time I said, "If I can just get through this week" in college I would be all kinds of
I am so jealous of all of you who know where y'all are going to school next year.
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!
College hasn't even started and I already assign a book to read for my two weeks left of summer.
I HATE it when ppl have an issue with u and u dent even know em
My parents just asked if I was going crazy because I went from doing my homework, to crying and then to laugh. STRESSED
I woke up standing in front of my mom. She followed me around while I sleep walking
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.
I hate thy the one time I need help with my math my mom takes forever to get out the door like seriously I told you this
That hypertensive moment when it's the day before you travel, your house looks like it's in chaos and you still haven't packed.
wish I didn't have to work tonight so I could finish studying for final sum..
So many things to do in the next two weeks deep breaths finals projects stressed
stressed ugh 3 exams on the 19th of June 2 exams Friday, 2 exams Monday, 1 exam today 1 exam Wednesday 1 Thursday 1 Friday
can time slow down, please, I have way too much work to do and I've still got to look for a placement?
Can't wait to go back to Uni on Monday! Need to get out this house
It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do
You guys. Literally been running around all day like a mad man putting out proverbial fires. How does one keep students (Adults too, cuz staff is just as guilty if we're being honest) motivated to get shit done the last month of the semester???
Top tips to beat anxiety from the experts 2nite at 10pm, SKY 203 plus Chrissy also share how she keeps anxiety at bay.
I actually hate supermarkets, it takes me forever to find what I want. Doesn't help when also shopping for the boss!
I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.
Yup, it's official.. bio/health sciences/ nursing is not for me. Officially scared and my goosebumps won't go down :(
Drinking a shit load of this over the next few weeks!! Exam time stressed, can't concentrate, red bull
Need to remember that I can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right *sigh*
There aren't near enough Froot Loops left in the box to get me through this day.
. Eden-London - good thing: train on time  Not so good thing - No power in coach M meant very stressful 1st part of the trip (not1stclass at all). Staff helpful, but took till Newcastle to work out not going to be any power. Changed coach - what fun.
I love you. The costume makers, photographers, graphic designers, models of all sizes, in armor or practically nude. People make life interesting and fun.
Hey giving shit to deliver that they can't deliver! If I wanted to put on pants, get in my car and go pick up my own things, Id go to in the first place!
You will never know in life, what ppl want, but you will know ppl when are jealous of you
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety, Depression
[Wrong!] stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when you're the 3rdwheel
Nothing to do at work, but so much to do for school.. Is it 5:00 yet?!
I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep
Not exams tomorrow, I need to put it work for Drama, English and Science. And I need a avoid getting caught.
I'm just trying to relax and can't because I feel like I'm drowning in all the shit that I feel like I have going on. I just want to keep it together and get through this tough part of my life.
that's great, gonna try and set a bit of a charity link too, spent all night doing the just giving form nightmare stressed ;)
Today is the 5th of August, so we wish you all a happy "Work Like a Dog Day"!
I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. "I'm Tired" Has Been More Easier To Say Lately stressed :/
Can't stop fidgeting or get to sleep! The end of this week could not come soon enough!
Can't fall asleep. Thinking. Minds racing. A mile a minute.  So tired, stressed wanna get this crap out of my chest.
2 days before the start trip Stressed How long? I don't know but sure it will be a great trip
Getting a foot massage tonight with my valentines day present! Pedi relax, let loose stressed massage
Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late, meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? I'll only believe it's true when I'm safely on board! Stressed
: This is one of those hate my life kinda nights stressed, sad" I love you!!! Always here for you!!
SMH!!!! UGHH U KNOW WHAT.. NO COMMENT, THIS ISN'T GOOD FOR MY HEALTH IM TOO YOUNG TO BE FEELIN THIS OLD..
Feeling stressed? Take action: do something to boost your positivity. Keep it simple: nature, movement, anything that gets you smiling!
I want to spend time with my boyfriend for once, not him and all his friends. Just him. Is that too much to ask?
Bouta blow this dope  if I didn't throw up last night I need stop but I'm
Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday and Tuesday Stressed
Ok y'all I got a very important decision to make. Stay in public school for my senior year or go ahead start homeschool.
2 weeks ago: "I'm going to edit my folio". Last week: "I'm going to edit my folio." today: "am I still going to edit my folio".
Sleepless night when you've been conned by a Fraudster claiming to be your boss to buy 700 vouchers and you call the red CD Co and they don't help and just say wait and dispute.
A Dietetic Internship is basically a full time college + full time unpaid job on steroids
There's been so much on my mind the last couple weeks, and I don't know what to do
Hello everyone! How are you feeling on this beautiful day? Feeling a little bit stressed? Remember to sleep, rest and relax
Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems?
All good things in life take time. I'm just scared that the best will never come back.
So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down
Did you know stressed is desserts spelled backwards? Unwind with a our classic Carolina Mountain Apple Cobbler tonight.
Has it been a rough week? Sounds like a good massage is in order! Busy, stressed relaxation LaJolla
I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT! I am working as hard as I can
How am I supposed to get these invitations done within a couple weeks and send them out if I'll not govern the information?
I'm so stressed its beyond funny! School, Bowling and the play! No breaks what the fuck!
Feeling stressed at work? Get away from your desk and take a few breaths. More tips:
Paris doesn't have any lanes on their streets, cars and bikes and buses are literally all weaving in and out of each other.
About to get in my car, turn the music all the way up and just cruise
Ugh. I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to just get away!
Ah, this either getting a house or a new car is going be the death of me
WhatsApp be acting up, Phone is gone dizzy, the PC being a bitch! = Need me some upgrades for real!
I've been so stressed since my mom's passing that know my mustard is kicking my butt  all my body hurts
I just checked my metaphorical Magic 8-ball and it told me the outlook is not so good for the rest of February. Can it be March yet?
Well, if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC please tell me!!
Same. RT: I have no ass, mediocre tits and a big forehead, why am I not with some old millionaire already? Ugh.
I want to do something before I go to work today. I just don't know what.
Its crazy how people spend thousands on a watch when you'll use your phone to check the time anyway
I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried, stressed fed up don't want this assessment tomorrow NO voice just
Does the rigorous college course load have you stressed? Club Z! Can help! - 214.960.4995
I would love a crystal ball or a time machine right now To know if all of this effort will get me anywhere
Getting so close to a product lunch, I can only describe my daily feelings as feeling pumped or stressed out. Several Cups of getting me through the day
That moment when you have so much to do, you can do nothing. So you tweet about it.
Haven't felt this low in a long fucking time. Not down for shit right now.
I hate finals, so much. Stressed female gonnadropout just kidding, but damn, I don't feel jolly right now
I swear I can not wait when the day comes and I never have to do homework
Someone remind me why I wanted to get out of high school so bad.. Finals will be the death of me
By the end of this semester I will be a 20yr old trapped in a 1000yr old body.
: I can never have a totally stress free day! Stressed I'm losing against life.. Ugh
Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! Stressed On a positive note, it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!
Ohhhh Greek week we meet again. It's the worst week, but best week! Stressed HEYARNOLD
I have so much work to do that I've been avoiding that now it has piled up to scary death amounts and I'm stressed and
Got an early release from school 3 days in a row and I still never stated how
So! Today- ! If-I! FEEL! Stressed out I will! Trust in You Lord- ! LearnToPray: !
after doing 6 hours of coursework lesson the thought of having to hand in 3 assignments by Thursday makes me wanna die
When you don't even realize how stressed you are until everything hits you at once and you just wanna cry.
The one day I have free I am told I have to come into work my life is awful
Argh. Anyone would think I've never cooked dinner before, or done the food shopping. Or washed clothes or fed my dog. Or hovered. Or watered the plants. (Plants originally came up pants - I almost left it in for comedic purposes)
I can just feel a mental breakdown coming, and I don't have time for it right now.
You'd have to knock me out and drag my body to NYC before I go to a concert here.
Maybe I need some time away from home and friends and family to gain some peace or enlightenment. Or something.
Trying to decide which new car to buy this weekend is SERIOUSLY is stressing me out!!!
I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever the fuck I want
I'm about 3 hours early, but looks like I won't be falling back to sleep now
Stress you made me do this. I mean eat this. Lol stressed bouncing  @ BonChon Ayala Triangle
I wish I could pause my mind when I'm trying to go to bed cause this shit going a mile a minute
I hate that moment when you're so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it.
If we don't have school, I am cleaning this room top to bottoms nothing will go uncleaned..
My painfully slow broadband is now stopping me from doing any work. Seriously, don't have time for this
Lots of words too little time - I feel a lack of sleep coming on
I wish there was something that told me what I'm supposed to do in life, like where I'm meant to end up.
It's fucked up how so many things are associated with the people In your life.
Yesterday was so rough for my sister I couldn't think clearly. She sounds so good today, hopefully I can actually get some rest
Only 7 1/2 more days I tell myself as I rip out my hair. Stressed
writing a study schedule and not realizing you need to allocate time to breathe or you will forget too
Getting an A+ grade in the mid of the semis stressful. It requires more effort to make the grade last till end of term.
Why are all my exams in the same week and why did my professors not give me study guides until 2 days before the exams?
Waiting on one more grade to see if I pass statistics finals stressed not a numbers kinda gal
Ever since freshman year Iv always heard, "Oh, senior year is great!" We'll I'm still waiting for that moment.
In 23h I would have passed my oral presentation. Hopefully it will go well and be a good news at the end Or not.
English makes me stressed school makes me stressed life at this moment in general makes me stressed!!!! Lol
I wanna lay up and watch some movies but a nigga don't go a tv in the room  lol
Can't tell if I'm just super exhausted or I'm on the verge of another breakdown.
Just after applying my nail polish (so neatly may I add), mum decides to give me 100000 chores to do in an instant. Staaaaaaaap
Feel like I've read so many notes, but still know nothing! The end of Feb can't come quick enough
So still in my hair and have got a studio session. :( Stressed @ Omole estate
Sometimes I would like to just go on a six month holiday away from all shit!!! Stressed
I will feel so much better when I get this test out the way and finish this work
At the courthouse and I really hope the lady who charges me doesn't show up so this case gets thrown out stressed needtogetnailed
: I either need more time in the day or I need to learn how to not sleep.
Overslept, missed the bus, nobody is home nobody will answer their phone.. WHAT THE HECK DO I DO!?
Finally know what is getting G for Christmas.. Just don't know what to get anyone else!! Stressed
Can I skip the whole "college application" process and get to the part where I'm accepted into college? That'd be great.
Need the rain chances to go away for our wedding day and the tropical storm chances to go away for our honeymoon. Too much to ask?!
Everyone keeps showing me their prom outfit. I still don't have a prom dress or shoes
Please, please help! The backlog is still hindering visas applied for 13 days ago. My family will lose their flights!!
Need to catch up on TWD horribly bad and find someplace to move by the 30th
Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. Tired stressed
I really need an ice day or snow day. Can't go to school. Don't know shit for my human bio test.
I'm so good at blocking homework out of my head, but yet I can't stop thinking about shit that's way less important
: It has me thinking of a lot of stuff that I really don't need
There is so much I want to talk about and so much to say But no one to talk to, because no one understands.
Me: I will finish this 1000 piece puzzle in 1 day Also Me: - Three days have passed still no closer to finishing the puzzle. May take twenty more years
Putting a hold on my account the day I'm supposed to register for classes.. Thanks kewl NOT
Yung morning and afternoon yesterday Hindi busy tapas 7pm pa naforward any documents for my review and needed for submission today. Team walang tulugan tuloy ako.
This weekend didn't turn out how I wanted it to be.. I just want to go fishing.
NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on Facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad
Need to feel better and have my voice back by Thursday is that too much to ask?!
If you feel stressed out and have a burning desire to get this handled, lets have a powerful conversation and look at what's possible for you!
It's crazy how I have absolutely no time at all for ANYTHING! Overwhelmed stressed graduation work vs studying finals, oh my
I thin this is the earliest I have ever done homework on a sat. So busy with work till Thurs
Half of Pakistan is waking up and the other half is too busy working :/
Work actually makes me an alcoholic drink tonight for the 6th day in a row
I am so stressed. Can I just sleep for like 2 weeks? That would be nice.
Signing up for the all of these colleges just makes realize how time is passing by so fast I want it to just slow down
this has been the busiest week of my life and I just need it to be Monday
The NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress
Most difficult assignments so far - couldn't choose a question and now I'm not sure I picked the right one
Having mock presentations and Spanish final on the same day is probably one of the worst class combinations I could think of.
I find that funny how I could be in a life or death situation and he can't even listen to my feelings about it
I am just really really really really really really really really really really really confused.
Can't pay the rent in full but at least I'm going on vacation in less than a week hah
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing
I don't fucking get it when bitches think it's cute to act dumb like no gtfo now
The conversation I had with my brother made me contemplate about what career I really want to pursue.
I just want a car that I don't have to worry about it breaking down  it could be the ugliest car ever, just as long as it runs
5 unit finals the next two weeks and 3 midterms and 2 finals in the two weeks after is not my idea of "easing back into it
Now I remember why I go home at for that three day weekend. So I'm not feeling the way I am now.
Can I just cuddle up to oomf? I mean I know I smell like skunk but let's pretend this day is over and never happened
It's only the second day of classes and I already have cried twice. Welcome Back Stressed
I become stressed in the best of situations. You put me in on a Saturday and I will become physically ill with anxiety.
Go to Sainsburys to buy some punched pockets end up spending 60 on a wicker basket and some towels.
TMW your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions for your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.
Are you stressed because of time debt? Here's how to get a balanced budget by-
easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..
So GTA got me started the game from the beginning cuz it was tripping after all I've done. Omg!!
I don't know what I was thinking when I told my mom I wanted to go to college
I miss those late night talks.. The ones where I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed
Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!
I thought I had room in my suitcase for my makeup and then I finished packing my clothes and now I don't and I am
If I worried about how much penis you take in and out your mouth.. I would be
Two quizzes in Spanish, a quiz in anatomy, and a test in American studies tomorrow.
I haven't felt this bad in a long time. Please Lord, just deliver me a relaxing and peaceful day tomorrow.
When you're so stressed out about work and finals and payments and graduating that you break down <; <; <; <; <;
: Lol stressed Rt ": Nobody wants to follow me on Instagram? ALRIGHT W.E
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales, please make sure your phone advisors know what they're talking about
Reduce workplace stress. Causes include long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. Stressed
Why do teachers always do this? Pile everything on in the last 2 weeks of school. It's their fault that we're all nervous wrecks.
does anyone wanna shoot fireworks w me, and by that I mean shoot fireworks at me?
Well, I guess I never truly understood the stress of a wedding. Hard if you've never been married before. I sure as hell get it
It never fails.. As soon as I crawl into bed, my brain starts to remember all the shit I have to get done this week..
To all the people who said getting your master's is easier than undergrad, you are all liars stressed
I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one.
Money is Nothing To God. Trust Is Everything. Give God Your Total Trust, The Money Will Follow.
Critical Thinking skills to protect the next generation from much ignorance (8 of 10): Teach kids how to consume the news and spot the drama without becoming stressed and hopeless.
Anybody got a cat or dog I can hold  like a half hour today??
Well, slowly but surely all this will be over with and ill be in Florida
gcseresultsday2016 man dreading 2moz I only have 9 hours and 15 minutes till I get them
Ugh, I really feel lazy for not going to the gym, but this migraine is numbing.  Hoping it doesn't set back my progress. Stressed
My rendition of the typical white girl bubbles bath photo opt longhairdontcare stressed much needed white g
SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a getaway in a real bad way!
Is this Monday over yet? It's turned out to be a crappy day. I feel awful and I have to "talk" to 2 of my student workers tomorrow
: Lord, I need Your help. There's no way I can do this alone. Amen.
Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready! Arghhhhhh! Singapore.
Everyone will want to go to Neptunes tomorrow.. Nobody wants to drive Ugghhhh.. stressed Someone sack up
I need every day to be twice as long to make up for my week of death a.k.a no work week
I'm still in Fan Love mode real heavy actually watched officerDowne then found BuscadoUnSeuo  but someone only uploaded 48 minutes of the movie where are the rest getting to the good stuff and it's over
Life stuck on repeat. Working 6 days not enough rest. Either I make too much or not enough for my own place.
five more days left of the semester and 4 more projects due is this week over yet stressed needsabreak &
I wish I could sleep at night instead of waking up every hour worry stressed :(
Just when I thought my week couldn't get any worse, I get pimples on my face.
I can't remember the last time I didn't have anything to do and I have a game every day this week and the SAT's and work Saturday..
Didn't think my life would change in a blink of an eye, but only God knows why this is happening
Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions, decisions.
Been at the barbershop for an hour and I'm still not in the chair!
The life of a double concentrated education major! I hope I enjoy teaching since I'm putting myself through all this torture
I really hate the fact that I'm paying for every single thing next year, pretty much like I do now
If somebody asks me to add one more thing to my plate, shit is gonna hit the fan real quick
Coffee, I need coffee! I've got water in the bathroom, that sounds ok but it isn't. That water is infiltrating from the roof.
Need prayers I really want to make this Washington job happen waiting for the phone call telling me come on
Having one of those days where I genuinely question if I'll make it through this next month of any. Stressed
I can't wait until the weekend. So I can finally get away from all this bullshit.
11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed
I have a feeling that Jesus and chocolate will be the only things that'll get me through this week.
We live in such a fast paced world these days, that stress has almost become the norm.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.
Cassie's talking about she might be gone for a whole month of summer. Idk if I could do that..
I swear I'm getting sick from my parents divorce being thrust onto me and all their problems when I have my own to deal with
This time in 10 days, I'll be running around like a blue arsed fly sorting out for my party!
Feeling stressed at work or with your business, here are 6 ways to deal with them!
I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my
I'm sorry that I don't have a plan to become a brain surgeon, but please get off my back
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found <; <; <;
Haven't been this stressed in a long time, why does $$$ have to make the world go round?!?
The feeling where the amount of precious time you spent on studying wasn't worth it
So stressed. I've been on my feet all day. It makes me feel good to finally be able to sit down and relax.
Increased work hours, less money and will we even have a job at the end of it.
I have accomplished so much today and yet it feels like I have accomplished nothing.
very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence stressed and victim of 3rd party damage
Why do managers feel the need to pile on paperwork and audits when we want to just spend time caring for patients the way we want?
I have to finish it in 6 days and I also have the meeting on Skype this Friday.
That annoying moment, when you realize your mums not at home so you have to do the cooking!!
Ok. Let's talk about this, what is gonna happen with the snow on Christmas? Stressed not knowing lol
can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day?
EA I need your help it is impossible to do the Meiji Yasuda j1 subs and for Albirex Niigata team as they don't have the players you need any more to get both charm and star rating. So I have wasted time and coins ATM.
I Feel Like Imma Be At My House 50% Less Now That My Bed Looks Like I'm Fucking 4 Feet Tall "/
Has anyone noticed monitoring your blood pressure seems to raise it? Or is that just me!
Been graduated college for over a year now.. why I'm starting school again Friday, I still have no idea.
I just want to go to the beach and forget about life for a little bit.
Argh, my phone just hasn't stopped ringing today and I've got a 1000 word article to write up by 5pm. Need a PA. Like deep.
I've just been so on edge for about a week I can't seem to get a break
Are you suffering from hair loss, thinning, or balding? Balding Cancer thinning stressed barbers hairdressers
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
Everybody is talking about having finals and only one more to go and I still have ALL my finals to take.
