I will be able to go through stress because I am a strong person and I have high self-esteem.
Tanning can sometimes have unexpected results and that's normal since it's not natural.
Even though I am facing a hard time at least I have a place to stay at for the next two days.
Keep difficult people out of your life or you'll be stressed
I am happy to have people who care about me and try to help me, even though I sometimes feel uncomfortable with advice.
Dreams are just dreams so I should not give them much importance.
Only two more weeks of studies and tests I will be free, I just need to focus on now :)
I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me
I just need to hang in there and sit my tests and complete my 5 page paper and then I can relax and enjoy spring break!
I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.
I just need to know the year that the house where I live was built and I will keep my financial aid.
I forgot my school work and left my keys in the car. I'd better get more sleep.
The next few weeks will be hectic and full of activities that I like
This day is turning out poorly; I've got to get my head together.
I am going to spend this day just for myself and my needs.
It is a good thing my dad is looking out for me.  Just got back from church with him and now we watch God's channel. Praise God.
I have a 2 page essay to write but I know I will be able to do it since I am a very smart person.
I need to focus on what's important now and forget about those strange feelings.
I will be careful not to get anymore driving ban.
I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.
Volunteered for a christening party. Planning decorations!
I may cry if I actually manage to make it into the nursing program.
I want to visit somewhere where I can be alone and scream happily.
I am well prepared and strong, so the upcoming exams will be an easy feat for me which will make me even happier.
I just want to find a bus party so I can party all night.
These stations have too many ads
I have bad experience with dogs, but some of them are kind.
Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.
I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days, but the weekend is coming.
When my kids frustrate me, I remind myself that I love them and they'll be more mature someday, just like me.
Thinking about pre-vet requirements at Cal Poly :)
I will not worry about these things because I got more important things to do.
Even though I am confused on the picks I have to do for classes, I am sure I will eventually figure it out because people explain things at school.
I've got a full schedule of editing shoots, taking 2 exams, a presentation for school, mini sessions and finals. I'm strong enough to tackle it all.
Looking forward to shooting some hoops!
I need to stay focused and calm down, or I won't be able to last long, I can't take the risk of having a mental breakdown now.
I have a lot of thought, but it will all go away soon.
That's perfect!! Make sure to send plenty of pictures because I'll love looking at them this coming school year!
As long as you watch the entire season of on soon, you will avoid spoilers.
I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.
I am stressed, but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.
The weather is bad and I have an exam tomorrow, but after tomorrow it will be all over.
Maddi and Lucy R happy to be home from doggie day care since Friday. Sleeping good, good times.
I will relax and study, to have a good performance in the standardized test that will take place next week.
I already had 2 tests and a quiz while also having a lab test tomorrow, but I will be able to go through it since I am a strong person.
The wifi here could really do with an upgrade.
You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Do the best you can.
Getting ready to drink this week!
Buying a house might be complicated, but then at least I will have my own house.
If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.
Life is going so fast that there's a long time I don't sleep early.
There's paper on my desk, but I'll get through it eventually!
Even though I have no one at the moment to drink with me, I know that with time I will be able to have friends.
Homeschooling has bad aspect, but it can help kids too!
I wish I was home, but everything I can do is accept the reality.
I can't find my baby pins. Going shopping for more!
Feeling stressed about these classes, but I'm getting an education
Ready for my day off tomorrow!
Getting away from people instead of shouting at them is something I do because I am smart.
The vacations I had made me feel fresh even though it's over.
I'm overworked, but I know I can make things right if I pull through.
So much work and a few hours of sleep, make me miss and want to go back in time to better enjoy the life of a child. Never come back.
Are you stressed out? We have a simple strategy to bring you peace in a single phrase.
I know it's probably not up there on your list of priorities, but what is the dress code for next sat?
Barb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second, being organized is important
Going paintballing to relieve some stress and angry and wash the that bad feelings away.
I need to learn to not procrastinate.
Now I have difficulty making things right, but with enough effort I will be able to do it.
After doing these two final exams and a newspaper everything will be over and I will be able to relax.
I arrived late and they closed, but at least I will find out if can go to prom when they open at 9 am.
I am confident I can finish all the assignments from school and pass them.
Even though my daughter is in pain and her knee is messed up, I know we're both learning patience and we'll get through this in time.
I need to be more mature and understand that school was not made to be easy, and homework is to help me do well in exams and have a better future.
Feeling tired and stressed right now
I need to find psychological strength to support everything that is happening
Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready, but I will do it by watching Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ('"B's").
Is it the wrong time to get a chief's hat or hoodie. I've wanted one for like 2 years
I'm trying to get myself ready for the next 4 weeks.
I will get better at editing my college supplements.
College is hard, but worth it in the end
I know coach is hard on me, but that's because he wants the best out of me.
Tfw you want to watch two movies at the same time. Help me pick
I have a long drive to do after a 3 day tournament, but I will be able to go through with it since I am a strong person.
I have a problem. Even tired I can't sleep.
Getting ready to gear up for some big decisions
I am not going to give up, but keep going for it until I finish school.
We need a SCJ to help with checks and balances. Who nominates them? Guess
These tips are good to make your employees happier at work!
I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over. I'll be glad to get back to weight lifting.
I had a bad dream last night, but tonight it will be better.
Money is part of the human life, but it has as much importance as you give to it.
Hello, I am Bieber and I am in the house.
The 44 is late going into town every Friday night, which wastes my money, but I'm glad to at least get there.
Energized by all the people in my life. Slow down so I can keep up lol
Simple things like calming down, taking a step back is smiling, can make you feel good when things seem stressful. Try this the next time you feel this way.
The reason I don't have time for anything is not a lack of time, but disorganization, I need to organize myself to be more productive.
I have to transform all negative thoughts as a means to improve
I am feeling stressed, I'm going to look for someone I can reach out to
Being stressed before a debut is normal, so there is nothing wrong.
Pulled an all nighter last night and have learnt a big lesson.  I will never do that again as it was not helpful and I regret it today. Early to bed for me tonight.
Despite the stress of now, at least I will be able to enjoy Easter with my family.
I will turn all my pain into ambition and everything will be better soon.
This week will not be the best, but I hope that next year will bring better weeks.
I wish I could have a little bit more privacy in my dorm, but the disadvantage worth it for the fun I have with my roommates!
I am nervous for my History EOC but I am confident in my skills.
My 2014 Cherokee is great, despite the transmission and computer problems it has. I'm thankful that I own it.
I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.
Feeling like I'm on the constant verge of a panic attack. I need to go talk to someone about it to figure out why and get it under control.
Even if today was not my day and neither was yesterday, at least it means that better days might come soon.
Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free
If things don't work out at the moment it means they will work out in the future. I just need to be patient.
I'm gonna relax with DeviousMaids and a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza in bed.
Walking in the park will help relieve stress and luckily there is a park near.
To improve the school today, it is necessary to ask the students who are attending. Listening to people who haven't studied for a long time can give outdated ideas.
The response I got about the house rent has put me in some stress, but the good thing is that it will be solved soon.
Sometimes people ignore you, but I am becoming a better person so that I will not need others in the future.
Any IT guys know why my computer isn't working
Getting ready for this quiz tomorrow
Lets have an incredible All-American sex vacation to have some days off!
Even if I don't get a good grade I still learned a lot, which will make me improve.
Sometime I can be the problem, but nobody is perfect.
It's alright to be grumpy sometimes since human nature can be erratic.
So thankful that G was able to go on a sleepover, nice for her (and me)! Now we need to work on minimizing her tantrums!
Why does the course have to have word limits? At least I will have to cut only 500 words and not 1000.
I admit the fact that I can do my own thing. I think it comes from the fact that I do not count on the help of other people.
It's a tough time to beat Fareham Asda on a Saturday. But it feels good to think that we can have a relaxing Sunday.
TEXT: if I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to study more for next time
Even with this desire to stay in bed all day, I need to use my free time to learn new things.
Time to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink to carry on.
I'm in debt, but there's a light at the end of the tunnel
Although I didn't buy the wine, at least I saved money
Sometimes I crave a cigarette, but I know from my years since I quit that the feeling will pass.
Even though I am feeling stressed I know that I will go through it since I am a strong person.
Weekend coming means the week will end so that I will feel better.
I had my first break about marriage today. This is normal in relationships and with mine it will not be different, I need this prepared.
If I study properly and get things into my long-term memory, then I'll know it at home and when it's in front of me during the final.
This is gonna be one of the hardest things I've had to do, but I am strong and I will get through it.
Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.
The work week hasn't been great, but hopefully tomorrow is better
This movie is ok, but the next one will be the best!
Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.
I'll rest so that tomorrow I can do a good math exam
When you're stressed, don't look on the back, but think positively towards the future.
An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.
I still get to watch the semi-finals of Britain's got Talent!
My coach won't be happy, but I will explain her and she will understand!
Having weird eyes when stressed and tired, it's normal since stress affects the body, but it's not a serious problem.
I am going to be more positive from now and on.
Thank you for making me signed up, I appreciate it!
I have motivation to do everything today.
I went from weighting 120 pounds to 96 pounds, which can be good since I will have lower cholesterol.
My class schedule makes it difficult to have time for homework. I'm looking at what I can drop in my life for more time.
If I don't feel like eating sometimes it means I won't get fat.
I have to organize myself, because I have many tasks to do.
Meditation can help people go through stress and I am glad my son is attending one.
This bottle of Ciroc peach will make me happy!
The movie Shallows kept me thinking about what became of that beloved seagull. I think even the seagulls are important to life.
Even though I don't know the town and I lose my way, but at least it means I have new things to explore.
We did a ton of staying up late in the library doing group work, but at least we are better prepared for the exam.
Quarantining for the next week. It won't last forever!
Semester's end next month. Ready to take a break and feel refreshed
I had issues coming home from the hospital, but at least I am out so that's good.
Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.
Don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made, but is cool to lear other things in the book.
It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.
I am concerned about getting Jafar in time; do you have any advice for the Aladdin event?
Always be grateful to have finished another day
People usually have conflicts between the heart and the head, so it is normal for me to feel stressed that I am facing the same issue.
I have a lot of tension in my shoulders, but I will be able to handle it since I am strong.
The best feeling is when you squeeze the toothpaste until the rest of the paste comes off.
No one has been able to master my Sunday turning schedule like you, and I'm grateful for that.
I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!
I am thankful that I am healthy enough to hit the gym and work out.
I have to study without you so I can concentrate because this is important for my future.
Laid back Tuesdays NOT. Stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer!
There are only 8 days left for high school, I need to stay focused on those last days and everything will be fine.
There is nothing better than getting home and enjoying a good movie with your mother without being interrupted over the phone. I needed that.
I am quite sure my best friend will step up for me and be there when I am in need.
People get old and that's just part of life, of being human.
I am very smart, so I will just go through with a class and will be able to feel better afterwards.
Although I am sad when I see people getting engaged, everything has its time, when it happens to me it will happen.
Life is stressful but is worth living at his fullest.
My parents talk behind each other's back sometimes, but at least they love each other and have been together for so long.
I am going to get through this stronger.
Very thankful that we have such great medical facilities here. Have 2 hospitals, 2 specialists and a surgeon helping to do what's needed to save my dad's life.
Wedding planning has many upsides to it
I think I'm going to avoid spending time with people that put me down
I love my friends, but I do not have enough money to travel with them.
Made a mistake at work yesterday and forgot to save my work. I'm going to go in early and re-do it so I can show my boss. Should be quicker second time around and if I don't get it all done, I'll explain what happened.
Sometimes when you're stressed a simple scream can make a difference. Try to release the stress and watch you go from panic to peace with this simple gesture.
I feel tired right now, but I know it will pass
If I were to share a tip with you, I'd advise that you spread Anatomy, Organic Chem, Art, Physics, and Comp 2 across different semesters.
One day if I work hard enough, I will be like this kid who has great markings without working hard.
Being on probation feels bad but it will be over at some point in time.
Looking for Zen vibes. Count me in
Painting my nails will make me more attractive.
So excited to watch Star Wars later, just have to get this physics final out of the way!
Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.
I'm confused, I feel like there are things that would improve my mood like a drink, a hug, more sleeping time, or all of that.
People can be hunted from their past making them feel hurt physically and emotionally, but I will be able to go through it for the future is in my hands.
Chinese New Year is coming to an end. Time to put my mind back into gear and get working!
Music helps me get through hard times so that's good.
I am grateful to have a job, but it is very difficult to think about the fact that I will have to clean my classroom by myself tomorrow. I need to think about the possibility of having a person to help me with this issue.
I will sleep, chill out and stop worrying about my decisions
I know I can deal with anything someone says about me.
This week I have several activities, I hope everything goes well.
Feeling self-worth. I care about what I think about me
When school and exams are finally over I'm going to need some serious time for retail therapy and hibernation! It's a good thing that I'll have the free time to do it starting next week.
Prom is in 73 days, it will be so fun!
Lol at finding errors in the class syllabus. Ready to ace these classes
This January will be good, even though my mom got a fracture in her leg and I have to be close to her even though I have exams means that good things will be coming in the future.
Math is a challenge, but the hard work will be worth it when I've completed all my classes and am finally a biochemist.
If I don't have enough time to do all the things I need to do it means I have an active life so that's good at least.
Getting ready for the organic final. It'll be over soon and then I can relax
When I'm stressed, I just need to stay calm and rest to get my mood back
Buying used cars is challenging sometimes, as you may need to buy new spares like exhaust, springs and even tires.
I will stop trying several times and check what the problem is, whether it is the wife or my emails are trying to tell me something.
I am just so done with this day, this week, this semester. I just want to finish it in the best way.
I'm looking forward to an early night, big day ahead!
I'm finally coming home where I can relax and organize my thoughts
I know that I will be able to sleep as much as I want after passing exams, so I have to focus on studying now.
There are many changes being made in my life, but I'm positive I can endure them all.
Until Friday, I will have my book review, test and book presentation all done.
I should go out more often since I am tired to be home.
30 days until we say "I do" at excited and stressed all at the same time
I struggle with dating now, but one day I will find a woman that will love me.
I struggle to sleep, maybe I will sleep better tomorrow.
Life is dealing with the stressful moments and it makes us better.
Need a massage. Wishing it'd come soon
I will receive, less email after I unsubscribe from those lists!
I'm stressed right now, but I think some good food and a hug would help improve my mood.
I had a great Day off to rest, I will have a more productive day tomorrow.
I am confident that I will get through these exams and pass them.
Big week this week, but I have survived it! Now I need to catch up on my sleep and then I will be able to manage next week much better.
TEXT: It's important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life
Today the day is super stressful, but I know that tomorrow I will have a day of my own to enjoy a good wine and everything will be fine.
I need to see what my priorities are and what I want for the future as I may be hurting myself  dividing my day between daily workouts, two jobs and classes.
I am usually telling people to do things themselves while myself, I am a person who does things.
Deciding when to face my problems or relax x
I finally managed to get hours of sleep!
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school is two completely different things, but time will fix it.
I will be able to play football soon! I love it so much!
Do not worry. A message and everything will be fine. Call us to schedule!! Franklin Park 847-671-0555 / Chicago
My baby daddy has some problems, but I tell myself that I can work through them.
1:30 AM and I am wide awake, I should use this as an opportunity to gather my thoughts.
I'll take a glass of wine to relax this week.
I am very grateful to have the strength to take care of my family when they are sick even though it is an exhausting task
I have the dance show at the same weekend of my brother and boyfriends graduation, but at least there will be a dance show so I am happy for that.
Hunting for apartments is a great way to get to know different places and different neighborhoods in the city
You should be polite with people on the phone as you would be face to face.
If you learn to relax your body and keep it, I have no doubt that you will fall asleep completely and relax.
I am thinking that I can find a job ill enjoy more soon
People often can be clueless about something and not be able to solve it, but it's normal because this is how human nature is.
It's rather unfair that I'm asked to work even when it's a holiday.
I have several pieces of homework and tests coming up so I need to study
It's great having a bottle of wine and chill!
I can't find the notebook I'm supposed to study from
Going to do whatever I can to keep working on my education
Should I be most stressed about driving, districts, colleges, or the play? I'll choose none of the above.
Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.
Trying not to buy a pack of cigs tomorrow. I'll make it through today
The next two months will be tough, but finishing this work will put me closer to accomplishing my goals.
I'm glad I'm going to have a ballet class tonight. Having class helps me to relax and forget the bad times.
I want to take some time to relax.
A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds, but eating the delicious chocolate helps me to relax.
Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.
I can't find my headphones at the moment, but they are around here somewhere so I will be able to find them soon.
It will be a challenge that I will have to overcome if I want to find a good home in this city. Despite not knowing anything, I know that I am capable.
This web design class is challenging, but luckily it is a short class.
Eat clean to beat stress
I want to hug my loving uncle.
Losing weight is a big obstacle I know I can overcome.
For volunteers who got identical blisters, the volunteers who were relaxed and happy took less time to heal.
Anyone want to come hug?
Even though I am stressed at least there are these cute pencils which show the stress and it's somewhat entertaining.
One day I will find the one woman I dream of!
Ready to drive home and spend the day relaxing
Love cruising' in my car
I didn't sleep much because of the stress, but I will come out of it a better and stronger person.
Are our nerve at the end of actual nerve.
I feel like I could be better
Try to identify those things that tend to take away your positive mindset and make efforts to avoid dwelling on them.
I am thankful that I am healthy and can do whatever I want.
I have a lot of work to prepare soon, but I will make it because I have a strong will.
Going to wait until I drive to school to take my rescue remedy since it has 23% alcohol in it
I have many pages to read, but I will read them all because I am a fast reader.
Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.
I love leaving home early to sleep sooner during the holiday.
Time to learn not to procrastinate
I don't have lazy days. I am very active throughout the year.
I know that the paper is due tomorrow and it is tough for me to focus, but if I get this done I can finally relax.
You don't know how important you are to me, almost like a father. Things will become clearer when you understand this.
I just want to listen to Taylor Swift and take a super hot bubble bath.
I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about. Those were good times!
Don't let stress make you think that everything must be resolved immediately. Calm down and focus on the now.
Having work email on my cell phone helps me to be more aware of my appointments, the only problem and the large amount of emails that arrive at any time of the day.
Today hasn't been great for games, but hopefully tomorrow is better.
Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.
Fun time with the daughter and now I can drink and wind down
School can be stressful, but I'm thankful for the lessons I'm learning. They show me that I'm not alone, there are many others like me, and I can have a bright future.
Despite the bad day, at least I had an opportunity to try a drink I never tasted: tea.
I arrived at dawn in Brittons, I haven't packed yet, but luckily there are only 7 hours left to be back at home. :)
Being part of a job is a team effort
Even though I have a lot to do before I go to the airport, I am glad that at least I am going on a trip.
I realize there are things that are out of my control and deal with things I can control.
I'm stressed, but I know I can avoid drinking.
I have been immersed in creativity till I haven't had a sleep in the last two days.
If you don't really want something, you'll likely not be jealous when someone else has it.
Although I want to get away from it all now, I thank you for having a very relaxing day, it was all I needed.
I think this college job shouldn't be as difficult as it is, I need to take a closer look at what I'm doing wrong.
I'm going to start thinking more positively about my problems.
People enjoy all kinds of music so we must accept even those who like Justin Bieber.
I don't want to clock in but I'm glad that I'm able to do it.
Finally going to get out of my current living situation thank god everything worked well
I want to focus more of my time on what I really love
I'm nervous about my exam because I haven't had much time to study, but it will all be over soon!
Going to graduate college once all this work is done :)
It is expected from a writer to have a writer's block, but it's part of the life of being a writer.
This bot will be very relaxing.
There is only one more homework left, and I can already get my things and finally go to the convection. Greaaaaaat
I had stress today due to final exams and other things. I need to learn to relax.
Certainly an hourlong trip around the country would make me a lot better. It would clear my mind.
TEXT: I have been in the library, since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. This is going to be tough, but it's important to learn it
This week this week I'm very busy, I hope everything goes well.
Even though I am stressed I think I will have someone to talk to since I love many people.
Even though my date might not have a tux at least I have a date so that's good.
The best way to make an intern learn the job is to have him do everything
I am going to sleep earlier when I have to wake up early.
If you are stressed, Tapas Acupressure will help you a lot.
Feeling overloaded right now with what I need to get done, but I know in a week things will all be fine.
Modern education could be better and it will be one day.
I have a lot of things to do this week. If I don't get organized it will be a very stressful week.
Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.
Trying my best to do well
I will miss a class because of traffic but I am sure the teacher will understand
I have been stressed lately I might talk to a therapist
I am going to watch a movie tonight and relax.
You have to be strong and face this moment in life, I can't let it get out of hand and put me down.
Body transformations are amazing for stress
Best place to go when I need a break. Love the pond
New Year means that new opportunities will be awaiting ahead.
I have so many empty spaces now, I'm happy to have so many possibilities. Now I’m going to think of the best to start.
Despite me stress that won't let me sleep, I should use this time to be grateful for what I have
It is normal to cry. Everyone has a bad day and I know there are going to be a lot of questions at work but this is normal. It shows that they care about me.
I keep losing the end of the setup, but otherwise Christmas is fun!
You always manage to remind me how important my studies are.
I am always one step ahead, I always anticipate myself to find things out.
Am going to a Sarah's in an hour and still I haven't got ready I need to do something serious.
I just need to give my life some thought and I'll be able to know what I want to do.
Having a hard time brainstorming some material from my research topic, I'm sure if I get to know the topic a little more it will become easier
So much homework to do, but I'll make it through. Working hard
My boyfriend might face prison time, but at least I have a boyfriend so that's good.
Because of eating I can't hear the movie but I have something to eat so that's good.
Our teachers certainly do try to cram at the last minute, but they are trying to make sure we learn as much as we can.
I'm STILL procrastinating right now I get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah
Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.
I will be tired tomorrow, but a coffee will help me get through the day.
My life is stressful right now, but I'm able to handle it
Kids are messy and it's normal because kids are supposed to be like that.
Waiting for the train can be boring, but it will come at some time at least.
Although I have undesirable thoughts, at the time of class I will be able to focus on other things
Remembering why I chose to go into nursing
I need to be more careful when I smoke at work, some people may think I'm using something else, like marijuana. It's weird, but it happens.
I am stressed out right now, but I'm glad I gave up the substance abuse. I can make it without that.
Millennials are the most stressed, but your teen can learn how to handle it.
Dressing well is not an easy job, but it worth it to boost your self esteem the way it does!
Although I am very anxious, I cannot help launching my research work on Christ.
Having a good grade is in my hands. Let's do it!
I woke up feeling so inspired to write something today.
I will again contact someone from the Illinois employment security department, I have not received my payment for a while, I think they can solve my problem.
Having a lot of bad emotions right now, but I am sure it's going to get better
Even though there are unexpected costs to the wedding budget because of the delays the lost luggage or the indecent customer service at least there is the wedding happening, which is nice.
I know it will be worth all this work when I have my car.
Fortunately, I will be able to rest in bed at a decent time
The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.
I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night. Someone available? LOL
If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.
Even though I'm stressed and overwhelmed, I'm happy that at least today is the last day of the year. :)
I need to treat myself to some greasy food and a nice cold beer and relax, tomorrow is going to be a great day for me.
Finals are stressful, but it is useful to my learning curve.
Yeah, insanity, I'll be there soon, stressed, as I told you earlier, I'm going to get there lol.
It's normal not to have time to do everything because there are many things to do which can't be done.
I don't quite have enough to buy the OneLoveManchester hoodie I want, but I will by Thursday.
I am in a bad place in my life, but it will get better soon.
I have to present 6 desserts. It is a great opportunity to improve my recipes
Trusting my intuition and knowing when/if things are going to turn out well
Unfortunately, I don't have time to fulfill all my obligations, but if I optimize my time better I know that I will be able to go to school and do my homework more easily.
Even though this semester is stressful after some time it will be over and I will feel better.
Life sometimes feels like a rush for everyone because we have to get food and then go to work and so on.
Even if I don't like the solution, at least the problem has been fixed.
I will make myself, feel free even when I am not because I have the courage and I can do always better.
I am in one of those days that makes me want to just pack up and disappear, but I need to have courage and fight this sadness.
It's normal for people to make silly compliments to the people they think they are beautiful.
I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone
It might be hard, but I'm going to get through it!
I am getting prepared and ready to study when the assignments at my university come.
This is one of those days that I just want to cry, but I need to stop this habit and face things as they are. Solve my problems.
Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year, but  down 22% on Rogers. The people at Rogers should figure out how to increase ratings.
The homecoming and all this is making me stressed, but when the week is over things will go back to normal.
Even though I am tired because of how busy I have been during these weeks at least it means that I have things to do and that my life is active.
SNHU's Lit 200 classes only have up to 10 kids, but I'm hopeful that I'll get in. Fingers crossed.
Important for me to take a break and de-stress from time to time. Tonight I'll make some time to sit in the hot tub.
I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.
Although it is scary to live on this planet knowing that we have destroyed everything in every way, we need to think about how to change that fact. He just gets scared all the time, it doesn't change the fact that a lot has to improve or we will all destroy ourselves.
Fireproof by Wyldkardz is great if you're stressed
I can't sleep on the weekends, but I'm grateful that I can at least do some American a Hustle and Word Chums.
I'm having trouble sleeping over my head. He's having a lot of thoughts, especially about the robbery I suffered.
It's great to know that we are almost done with our finals! We should finish strong, we've come this far already.
After the presentation, the exam and the essay, I'll have no more activities and will be able to relax
I have to study first, and later I will have enough time to worry about other things.
I need to stay calm and focus on how to get them to understand how to learn the best way tomorrow during my class.
I need to stay at work for the break, but the extra money worth it!
I haven't fallen back asleep since taking my car in at 8, despite no classes all day. But at least I'm glad that my car got fixed.
I need y'all to stop interrupting my reading because I love this book!
I'm really looking forward to my trip on the 14th, I have needed the break.
Video games can help with improving reflexes so that's good that I dedicate time to playing.
Currently having a nervous breakdown about my exam tomorrow, but that is normal and kind exciting.
The phone isn't working. Call my new number for inquiries/emergencies
This year it is so easy to get sick, but if I catch something it will boost my immune system.
I need to put everything that is unnecessary out of my head and leave only what is relevant, or I will continue to be stressed.
Hard classes, but they're going to end up rewarding when I'm done
They must not be ready to text me, yet. I'm going to get some needed sleep.
Need to find more to keep me busy at work so I don't dwell on things so much.
Girls are not able to do their self care services in the beauty centers, but it means they will waste less money.
I need to prepare myself mentally as the next weeks will be long. I sent my application for athletic training and I want to do my best.
My great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the Beanpot, but I will def be too drunk to interact whim there, it's going to be a great time
Every morning I remind myself that I will be in bed at night where I will relax so I think about how good I will feel when getting in bed.
Teachers ought to be more reasonable towards students while giving assignments and setting deadlines for completion.
I acquired some books so that I can read in my free time, this is being very rewarding
When the semester is over, I'm going to feel better
I will read my book so I can get my head in a good space.
Life is full of things that have pressure, but I am a strong person so I can handle it.
I keep forgetting if Diddy is P. Diddy or Puff Daddy, but eventually I'll get the hang of it.
After playing volleyball for two hours and then also dancing for two hours it's normal to feel exhausted and thus have no motivation left.
Looking for some guidance while I figure out what to do in life
There feels bad to pack many things and saying goodbye to people, but it means I will have a new life so that's good.
I will try not to have a bad day.
I will enjoy my summer without these homeworks every day!
I will have stocks of bananas since it's a natural cure to reduce the effects of stress and anxiety.
Seeing couples doing summer activity make me sad, but I need to focus on what's important now, I need to do my school work now.
There are a lot of ways to make 175$ in five days!
With a lot of information being released by the government about education, it is natural that schools and teachers were stressed and confused, but it is necessary to understand that this information is to help, not confuse.
I have many things that I want to do with my life which sometimes stresses me out, but I am content that at least I have many things which I care for.
I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send, I hope can talk to you in person.
If I stop and start thinking about things that I can be thankful for, there are lots of them.
I will be able to sleep soon if I concentrate.
Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school, but it's my birthday so that's good.
Because of that flat tire hat to stay at a friend's house which actually gave me the opportunity to catch up with his latest news.
This day has been stressful, but it'll be over soon
I will find a way to find my old Amazon Passcode and if not, I will learn the importance of keeping them written somewhere.
That final period could have been more relaxed but it is important to hear about it on the radio.
I have decided to say goodbye to stress and be positive.
I would love to find an assistant to help me track my apps  to have more free time.
I will go for vacations since I am stressed out so that's good.
Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.
I want to go out with my friends and have fun all night!
Whenever I am stressed my mom makes me cookies, which is nice.
They say after the hard times come the good times, so after these weeks I believe it will be better.
Stress is something people usually feel and I guess it will also be part of my life so it's normal.
Although it is difficult to stop, I know that not leaving things to the last minute will make me better.
When I think about giving up on school, then I remember that after it, I will be more knowledgeable.
Kids' feelings stressed is normal since it's a phase of the human growth.
Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account
My to-do list is ridiculously long, and I am excited for that as I have been prepared for days like this.
I am so excited for my guitar lessons. It's hard doing it by myself, but I think it'll be worth it.
We will be ready for the big Christmas break!
Decisions are a great opportunity to grow as a person
Busy, busy. Lots to do. Feeling productive
I had a big meal today.
You can change your life by changing your habits.
I love how my 12yr old act, so happy to have a smart kid like him!
If I study at least two hours a day this month, I can knock out every one of those exams.
Stress is a normal part of life and it helps a person become stronger.
It is normal to have it easier to focus on fitness when there is no school, because everything has its own time.
I have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about, but I just got to study hard today and I will do fine
I need to find out why this bad feeling in my stomach or I will be feeling this way for a long time.
Working two full-time jobs keep you busy. Enjoying my day off
E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Moms and dads we are the true heroes
Struggling with physics packet, but it'll be over soon
I'm doing homework all this weekend. This semester won't last forever.
Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!
Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.
Does anyone know how to recover missing files on a Mac? I would appreciate your help.
next time I hope they will have a room available
Lost in thought while thinking about the game. Game's almost over
It's not so easy to fight the lack of hope, but I'm on the way!
Getting frustrated is not going to solve anything right now. I need to focus on solving the problem, as these emails will not be sent magically.
I have a religion unit test, then a science test, and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study
If there is no one to do my hair, I will be able to do them myself since I know a lot about hair dressing.
Having a girlfriend far away can be difficult, but having a girlfriend is nice.
I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot, but I only slept 3 hours.
I need to learn to not get so angry
Just one more week and all my assignments will be done.
I am going to plan the best surprise birthday party for my buddy.
The reality might not be what I want, but that does not mean I should give up.
Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.
Only a few weeks left until college is over!
It's good that Charles didn't reply to the bunch of texts I sent him about my stressors because I already feel better now.
I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule, but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!
Getting a degree is not supposed to be an easy feat, but when I finish it I will feel better.
Got one week to get all three of my midterm papers in.  One week of upper hard work and then I can relax and enjoy myself.  If I work consistently and efficiently I know I can do this!
I have waited a long time for this trip so I can take some time for myself to relax.
I was worried when I watched Free Willy but I know it's just a movie
I worry too much but hopefully I will meet with my advisor soon and everything will go back to normal.
People sometimes prefer to be alone and that's normal.
My Eyes are not looking great right now. I got bags under my eyes looks, but after some rest they are going to look better
I have a final exam in 12 hours and I can't sleep. I suppose I'll sleep like a baby when it's over.
I have had 1.5 hours of sleep and I can get 2.5 hours more.  Will be a little tired at work, but I can do this.
It's a beautiful day for a run outside and it's just the thing I need to clear my mind.
There are a lot of crazy, psycho and ambitious women out to get people by lying, killing and framing. We must keep alert and be virtuous to avoid their traps.
I should put it off until the test.
My husband is going through a turbulence, but this will end and he will be well again.
I am stressed about the upcoming event, but that means that something exciting is about to happen so it's good.
I'm excited to go home and take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?
With half of the week left behind it means the weekend is closer so that I will relax soon.
When people are thinking about other things they usually do things wrong so it's normal.
I am thankful I enjoy running since it helps me clear my mind.
I am a very prepared person, and even though I already think I have studied a lot for this five-chapter test, I feel that I can still do much more.
Looking forward to Tuesday, since my finals are on Monday
Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job, but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.
Everyone likes to stay home, but people should go to school too.
Better get some sleep, I have a test that determines my future in the morning and I want to do well.
I will have a less busy schedule next summer so I can enjoy it more.
I did my periodical test, and eventually my UPCAT test at 6:30 AM will be over too!
I should have looked at my suitcase, I will do it next time.
Upset belly, but nothing lasts forever!!
I feel  life is bad now, but I know that I will be stronger and will turn my life around.
I have lots of work this week, it will teach me how to handle my time better!
The fact that the end of the semester is near, it means it will be over soon and I feel good about this.
Feeling in control of my life
Thinking about starting a new business venture
It is normal the pressure that the family puts on when we are at school. Everyone goes through this, I need to learn to cope.
After the passage of Cyclone Pam everything will be back to normal
If I just have patience the stress that I feel will wear off eventually.
I can't wait for my date tonight! I wonder if I should show off my casual side with this jumper, jeans and Docs, or if I should change into something more glamorous.
This week was tough, but the next one will be better
Even though I have not been around people lately because of my finals at least I will be able to finish the finals.
I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning gray. I'll look good as a silver fox.
I need to be brave and accept the fact that having the surgery is important to me.
I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.
I am positive even though today will not be great, tomorrow will be better!
If I don't do well on the real estate law exam it means that I can move forward with other things which means new opportunities.
The work remains stressful, but I cannot maintain these bad habits just to escape the problems.
Breathing exercises can help reduce stress and anxiety.
You've got the motivation to smash through this stress. It won't last forever, you'll make it through!
It may seem like a joke, but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.
Finding yourself is not as hard and it can be even facilitated by training and coaching courses.
It is extremely good to have all the seven dimensions of health at the top so you feel good.
Thank you for being only 7 assignments. Although worth 25%, as it could be much worse.
Even though I have not been productive for a while at least today I was very productive and that gives me hope that I will be productive in the future too.
Stress is part of everyone's life so it shouldn't be let to control the life.
I prefer having fun in the haunted house, the homework can wait!
Luckily I have so much keeping me going these days, sleep is the last thing I think about.
I am happy to survive the last 2 days. I am going to spend some time having fun.
People always struggle to fulfill the expectations of the others and it's normal.
Even if I don't feel good, at least it's my birthday after an hour, which will make me feel better.
I love it when my dreams shift me to an alternate reality.
Using my free time after work to do important things. Go me
Smoking should not be a secret deal since many people do it.
Even though I didn't sleep well and I have a lot of things in mind, I know I will feel better since I am a strong person.
I need to catch up on everything I didn't do over the weekend by spending every lunch in the library. I know I can do better than that in the future.
I think if I were to clear my mind outside constantly to carry on
I have to organize my schedule to do my tasks and then rest
Working on this dissertation has helped me to learn new things and prepared me for the challenges that life has in store.
By working and going to college, I am preparing myself for the life after school.
Normalize dealing with stress instead of the current norm
I have a lot to get done, but in three weeks, hopefully it will all be accomplished.
I can't concentrate on anything because I'm worried that she won't be talking to me in 12 hours.
I will get over with my homework soon!
Having stress, it's part of what makes the human life be what it is.
Just some more summarizing to do before I'm done with this assignment #almostthere
Here are three tricks to keep you going on time.
I have to stay up till 1 AM, to do my schoolwork, but then I will be able to go to sleep!
Life can't always be fairy tales, but only we can control who gets a happy ending. Let's go get it!
I hope you will be blessed instead of stressed.
In those moments I need to have self-control so I don't panic, be strong when things are not going well.
I have a lot of work to do, but that means that I have things to do with my time which makes me feel good.
The finals stress me, but at least they will be over soon and that's good.
Really hoping the thing will be better and I don't have to cancel my birthday trip.
I will make sure everything is in order so it will be a good day for all of us!
I feel stressed and depressed emotions, but I am a strong person so I will be able to handle it.
I can not sleep because of having too many things in my mind, but I am content that at least I have things to think of.
I am thankful for the coworkers I have since the job I do is stressful.
Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoke again. But at the same time I need to get this job
Running will help me feel better.
I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.
This is a lot to handle, but I will be happy when it will be done.
Too many good shows. Trying to watch 3 at once!
It's a good thing I made and printed a load of CVS last night, I'm hoping I can get a job.
I can't stop the hurt of losing him, but I will always remember and cherish all the times we had together.
I need to leave things from work to work, I cannot be stressed with messages during the night. It is essential to wake up well.
Just 2 more weeks of work and I will finally be able to enjoy the spring break
Loving the uplifting women I've brought into my life
I need to learn to pay attention to things so I don't end up forgetting what is important just before going to sleep.
If you are a student and not doing well with Finals Week? Don't worry, we take care of everything for you.
I'd love to give up smoking, all I need is a bit more patient with my family.
Not a fan of this 10 page research paper, but it's gotta get done
In tense situations like now we want less stress from the bad behavior of our superiors rather than counselling they provide, they should be lenient and allow open book exams for they do not make us any sense.
Can't wait until tomorrow and Saturday so that I can get my mind in order. Could not have come at a better time!
Even with so much going on right now, I know this too shall pass.
Maybe I could take my mother to the restaurant for her to be a little bit more happy after she gets back from the funeral.
I am sick and my neck hurts. I hope soon I'll be healed and active again.
It would be great if you could pick me up TM at 7.10am from Chadderton. I will wave my arms when I see you so you can't miss me.
It is alright for fans to be tough to watch Alex Anthopoulos stressed.
I can't help doing what I have to do just to wait for other people. This will harm me.
Given I'm at work the next two days, I will have to make a plan so I make sure I get my remaining Christmas shopping done.
Taking a final later today. Wood chemistry
It is raining at the moment, but after the rain comes the sun so better times will come.
I want to feel like Wayne when he said he ain't got no worries
I will go out to have fun for a few days!
I feel that I am prepared to face the problems that are to come next summer, like the possibility of not having a place to live. But I can’t let something that hasn’t yet happened to get in the way of now.
I'm hoping to hear from Ms. Costley for the project rubric.
As a person on the buyer's side of the real estate transaction, I can now understand how a client feels.
Having tapas with the girls in a few weeks will be a great bonding experience after lots of working
Only until Christmas, then I will have lots of time to relax myself/
I am going to be in total control of my life from now and on.
There's nothing as normal as weirdest dreams.
When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning, it's funny how the human brain works
Longing for some friends. Need to be more social
I might have left my folder in a dressing room in Primark; any ideas on how to find out?
I should be excited to go to Europe soon.
I did a little run today so I can be healthy and do more tomorrow.
The next 48 hours I'm going to be super busy getting everything done, but after that I get to chill.
Eventually the rain will go away and I'll be able to use the pool.
I'm the only people who are able to do the things I need.
So tired. Gonna sleep for 8 days
Applying for jobs tomorrow! Wish me luck
I am not very relaxed during this Christmas, I would not think it would be bad if I won a Christmas stress ball. In fact, I would appreciate it very much.
Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it, hope this is only absentee
Could go for some nice wine right now
Whenever feeling stressed I get a hot cup which makes me feel better so at least I have that.
In fact, I need to face my responsibilities and learn that for anyone the time comes to make difficult decisions.
This is a good opportunity to train my concentration and how much I can write even though I am stressed.
All three course schedules have been successfully moved to the online format. I just need to communicate all changes to my students and update all materials online to accommodate new tasks and all work will be done.
I don't have the stability I wanted. I need to listen to advice.
A stressful day at work. I'm looking forward to a movie tonight.
Of course, teenagers worry about schoolwork more than other issues of the school, but schoolwork is important so that's understandable.
I have many tests this week, but I will be over with those soon so it's going to be good.
I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.
I would love to go to the spa for my birthday!
Going to make it through the next week and a half no matter what!
Tired but gotta get my clean on!
Looking forward to clearing my head tonight to relax.
Doing the work for the school is part of the journey everyone has to go through, so I should do it too.
So busy. That's what happens when your life is wild
Being tired means that I am active in life.
Dogs seem to have such simple lives.
You should stay are you are because you are perfect like that.
I might have trouble keeping my shit together for now, but one day I think it will all work out.
I've finished my exam. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and do one more exam and are all done :)
I lay I'm bed at 9 BC I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10??? I should be thankful I have such a comfy bed to relax in.
I believe that things will work out for me, and since I am not in need of money the things should be easier to get.
sometimes you are so stressed that you want punch someone in the face, but that is the life, that are days you have to be better than your demons
I should take a break from work.
I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food, I have to stop this and think my health.
Need to look at how I spend my $500 paycheck every month and see where I can make some savings so it lasts longer than a week.
Trying to get back on it. Wish me luck
I will enjoy this week since I have several commitments in it
Matching dresses with my lipstick. Fun x
The car I currently had does not fit all my needs, but I am thankful that at least I have a car.
I have no doubt that staying awake at night studying statistics will make me go better tomorrow at 8 in the morning.
I feel like drinking two hours after waking up, but I know I can resist the urge.
Exercising improves your overall health and reduces your moodiness
I’m sure if I don’t tweet today during the game I’ll get this W.
Feeling really tired right now, but not done studying.  I think I need to get some sleep and set my alarm for early tomorrow when I know I'll be less tired and so much more efficient with my study
It will be a legal experience to participate as a judge next Monday.
I need to realign my thoughts to find the meeting place
People sometimes forget things when they are worried and that is normal.
When life gets hard I think God is trying to teach us something.
I have a bad car now, but soon I will be able to get a new one.
Just a little more homework and tests and finally I'm free of that agony that makes me sick.
Didn't study last night, but the prof cancelled the quiz. YES!
It is funny when at a fly getting in your car and you try to stay cool.
I will be happier after this drink of whisky!
I care about a person's opinion so I can be a better human being.
I know it can be a little bit incomprehensible, but I make a lot of mistakes. I need to improve.
Thank goodness the weekend is coming and I will finally relax, relax and unwind. I need it.
Even though I feel as I am overwhelmed, I am strong to keep it under control and I will.
Life seems more beautiful when smiling and laughing.
My life is complicated sometimes. Someday it will be better.
I have a lot of assignments to do this week, but it's worth it to get my education
The past months haunting me will not go on forever, so after some time I will feel better.
It's been 8 years and I'm going through this stress again, I hope that
Ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter!
When someone can't use the few outlets they have to stress, it's an opportunity for them to find new ones!
Getting my car fixed and getting on with my life on a schedule
It is normal to be worried about growing the hair.
Having eye contact lenses can sometimes cause injury, but it's a risk which should be taken it's they help to see better.
My Alaia zipper is bulging out, but I know I can meet my goal weight if I try.
Over these next two weeks I'll be able to relax
I know that god will help me get through college.
I have a lot to offer others when it comes to taking time to heal
I need to know when will the gold medal game take place.
Need some extra love and kindness today
Getting my rib cage tattooed was a necessary pain to have a beautiful tattoo.
The fact that I had a hard week it means that I will enjoy the relax time more.
My life is quite busy since I go swimming, school and work and I am strong to handle it all.
Despite the news that almost made me cry that the race is going to be tomorrow and not next week, I need to prepare myself in the little time I have and not be sorry.
Maybe I should try to fix the computer, it could educate me!
I have to find a presentable dress for court
People might change their mind about what they want to do in their life and that's normal.
A hard two weeks coming up but I can make it
I have some busy day, it is good to keep my mind busy.
If you are feeling stressed today, know that simple relaxation techniques before bed can make you much more relaxed and happy.
Haven't smoked in a year. Thinking about it
Lets make life easier instead of making it harder.
I can't wait to see my family again. Does anyone have any travel tips on flying from Toronto to Ireland?
If I was able to start smoking then I will also be able to quit it because I have a strong will.
Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert
I need to solve the issues that this semester makes me go beating practically once a week because that is not good for me.
Tomorrow I can relax :)
Thank god the summer has arrived, I have never been so ready to make the most of it. Thanks.
Just a few more hours and this night will be done and over with!
After all this stress I know that I will fall from exhaustion and rest for hours, and I will finally be fine.
Sometimes I don't feel good about the school, but at least I have one.
You should take some time off to clear your head up.
We shouldn't look back and believe in our choices.
Tomorrow's the last day of stress before peace!!
This mess in my mind won't let me sleep. Either I'll fix it or I'll end up getting lost.
My body is telling me I'm stressed with an infected eye and giant cold sore, I need to take better care of myself so I can get through this ok.
Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. I don't feel so good right now, but if I breath I will be fine
Solving polynomials and inequalities and still trying to remember other facts
My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.
Why does applying for schools have to be so complicated? Why do you need 40 forms from me? Just say yes or no! Glad I only have to go through this once and it's over
I have a lot of studying to do, but at least it will make me smarter and more knowledgeable.
I know that a spa day is going to make me a lot better after that stressful fmp day. Just a little more time and everything will be better.
All of a sudden I forget how to drive just turned off my car without putting it in park. School got me fucked up already.
The sad times I am experiencing eventually will make me a tough person.
Next three weeks and then a break!! Thanks Uni
A message to us is an awesome stress reliever!
Sometimes we experience setbacks, but there's always things to be thankful for
Once I get done with the email on hand, I can look forward to a fun-filled weekend.
It sure is an inconvenience to have to pay for a class you didn't know you were getting registered for, and that you'll have to get withdrawn from, but it is a lesson to be careful next time.
Losing things is normal for people so it can happen to me too.
Even if today is not Friday it will soon be and I will have time to relax.
I will find a way to help my kids to do them homeworks even though I am not the best at it.
I have C3 and English lit on the same day; looks like I'll be learning a lot!
My baby momma is mad at me, a chocolate box would calm her down so she could be happy tomorrow.
When the dress you'd like is out of stock until March 2016 can be frustrating. I need to start making a point of planning ahead.
Loads of things on my mind, I need to make a list, prioritize and work through it all calmly and I will feel much better.
Does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bars of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. So cool how our brain works
I didn't manage to get the points needed for the scholarship, but I did my best trying to so I am proud of that.
Students being stressed, it's part of the life of a student so that's normal.
I was lucky to find somebody that will bring a bottle home!
Today has been amazing ive only had one blip, but who doesn't
I'm looking forward to finishing work and priorities so I can enjoy a bottle of Riesling.
If you are stressed you should come enjoy Tv with us!
It is nice to have something to do after a long week of relaxing.
Thanksgiving day is coming up, I'm going to take the time to have fun because afterwards I have a lot to do before I graduate in 3 weeks.
I haven't liked anybody posts in the past 24 hours, I think I need to be more encouraging.
Excited to see grades at the end of this week.
I always review my good and bad attitudes, how about you?
Everything I kept from my college will be great memories when I grow old
There are errors which happen related to credit, but mistakes happen in life so it's normal.
I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.
KCC is the best place to study, but I'm glad that HCC is still okay.
I think I should do my homework to get a better future.
I need to rent a room in Exeter.
I am going to make it through this week, and I will be a smarter person.
I am thankful that I have had the chance to go to college.
I am very tired today, maybe I should think about sleeping here in Marla a little bit and not going to class.
Despite the short time I am happy that I still have until Wednesday to finish my portfolio.
Will be a test for me to move out of the residence hall by noon, since I also have two finals.
Under Pressure? We understand. It can be a challenge working that way. We can help you.  Entrepreneur.
At least I'm managing to have class at home, I keep imagining that it would be much worse to go out in the cold 1 am on a Friday morning to go to an art class at school.
I am going to make it through this week.
Ready for dance and that clear headspace. Excited
I will catch up with everything I have to because I am strong to handle everything that comes my way.
I deal with stress by exercising my boxing skills.
I will go dancing to shake the things off and that will be good for me.
Even though I have nothing to wear and I have no time to buy anything, at least I will be going into town so that's good.
It's normal to not be able to have a good night's sleep sometimes, but I am strong, so I will go through it at some point.
God never intended us to be stressed so much.
I have to switch to a single bed, but I'm thankful I have a bed
Having the need of someone else in hard times is a feeling which is normal for people to have.
Learning sometimes can be hard, but it's normal since it's not supposed to be an easy process.
It's normal for to feel overwhelmed sometimes, but I know I am strong to handle and go through it.
I haven't had much time to study for my biology exam, but I'm sure I'll do fine
Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help!
Even though I slept little I am feeling well prepared for the intermediate exams.
2nd attempt to pull the tooth out soon. But I am confident that gas and air will be effective.
I am stressed, but the fact that I will have a pizza makes me feel better.
I need to relax more. The school is making me very stressed and this is definitely not doing me any good.
Not performing well when stressed is normal, but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.
Need a break from golf. What else to do...
It is very easy to organize a wedding!
I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!
Even though ordering pizza sometimes can be bothersome, it means I will have something to eat.
I will have a good night of sleep and have a good day tomorrow.
I know we have differences but the challenge of being in a relationship with you helps me develop patience and self-reliance.
Restorative Yoga is tonight @ 8.30pm. It will do a lot for a smaller session.
Getting a lot done today. Finished last show and now multi-tasking by working during dinner and waiting for the washing machine to finish.
I am strong enough to get through this.
Ready to know where I'm going to school. Admissions come at me
I'm happy my husband is having a break away
The college gave me a book to read two weeks of summer, it is a great opportunity to learn from it!
People how don't have my number have problems with me. The irony.
I've forgotten the stress for a little while when my parents asked if I was going crazy.
I woke up standing in front of my mom. She followed me around while I sleep walking. I'm lucky she cares enough to keep me safe while I sleep walk.
After having the drink at home will make the today feel lighter.
I need help with my math, but my mom is late. I hope I can be patient with her.
Although my house is messy, I can't wait to travel and enjoy myself.
I know that I will not have time to study for the final seam due to work, but I will give my maximum in the short time that I will have.
Inspired to do a lot with my time. Finals are coming
There are many exams I have to take but it means that soon I will be done with them and I will have learned more.
I have a lot of work to do, but I perform well under pressure so I will manage.
I'm looking forward to getting out and going back to Uni on Monday!
Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel
Motivating myself and my students to make it through this last month of school!
Tonight at 10pm SKY 203 plus Chrissy talks about how she can beat anxiety.
Finding things in supermarkets can be hard and that's part of the supermarket experience.
After the week is over, it means the break time will come so that's good.
Thinking about changing major. Scared but it'll be worth it
Gotta reduce my energy drink consumption, so I can concentrate and better prepare for exams over the next few weeks.
can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right
A bowl of cereal will make this day a good one!
The Edin-London train was on time, which was good. There wasn't any power in the coach, but we got it worked out by the time we reached Newcastle and changed coaches.
People like all kinds of things and that's what makes life interesting and fun.
Tfw you order delivery, but have to pick up. Service needs improvement
People can be jealous, and it's normal for the human nature.
Understanding what makes you feel stressed opens you up to options on how to handle them better!
stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when you're the 3rdwheel
I am going to finish my school assignments this week.
I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.
Putting in work for my classes. Exams tomorrow
I am very stressed, but it will get better with some time alone.
It took all night, but I got the just giving form done. Going to try to set a bit of a charity link next. I'll be glad to have it done!
TEXT: Today is the 5th of August, so we wish you all an incredible "Work Like a Dog Day"! Let's get it!
I need time alone to relieve my mind of this stress.
The end of the week is near so it means I will have time to relax.
I have trouble sleeping, maybe I could use this time to be productive instead of sleeping.
I am stressed before the trip, but at least I will have a trip which is nice.
Getting a foot massage tonight as a valentines day present! Relax
While there are thousands of people trying to book the return ferry, I managed to get a spot as early as tomorrow! Glad to be ahead of the quarantine!
This is one of those hate my life kinda nights stressed, sad" I love you!!! Always here for you!!
There could be a better thing for my health.
Engaging in simple yet positive activities like being one with nature or playing a sport, go a long way in keeping stress at bay.
I want to spend time with just my boyfriend.
Feeling bad now means that later on when I will feel better I will appreciate it more.
Going to try to get my grades up or at least get through Monday and Tuesday
Okay, everyone, I've got an important decision to make. Stay in public school for my senior year or begin homeschooling?
I have been putting off editing my folio, but if I apply myself to it today, then I can relax afterwards knowing I am doing.
I was conned by a guy claiming to be my boss, and credit card Co. Says I have to wait and dispute. Let this be a lesson to us all to be careful.
Details Internship might seem like just a full time unpaid job and full time college at the same time but it will do have more experience.
Lot on my mind recently. Thinking
Hello everyone! Did you know that a good night's sleep and going down can make everything less stressful and the most beautiful day? Try this.
TEXT: Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems? Thank you in advance
Since good things in life take time and I am a patient person, it means I will be experiencing the good things when they come.
I have many things to do, but I am capable of doing things fast so I will be done with everything.
I am stressed but I will have some drinks and I will feel better.
After the rough week at least I will have a good massage which will make me relaxed.
I am doing the best I can right now.
Need to follow up and get all the information needed for these invitations so I can get them done and out in the next couple of weeks.
Even though I have no time to take a break at least I have many things to do so that's good.
It is normal to be stressed at work, but nothing a breath of fresh air cannot solve.
Paris needs to be more organized, that is a fact. Cars, bicycles and buses are literally getting in and out of each other and that is not right.
Getting ready to turn the music way up and cruise in my car
I will take a weekend off to deal with my thoughts.
Getting a house or a new car could be a great experience for me.
Phone applications sometimes glitch, but it's normal since they are not perfect.
Death is part of human life so I just need to get used to having lost someone important to me.
I just checked my metaphorical Magic 8-ball and it told me the outlook is not so good for the rest of February, but thankfully that is almost over.
Well, if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC I would really like to know! Thanks in advance
Not being beautiful it means that people will appreciate other traits of mine.
Today I'm feeling happy and excited, I think I'll see something fun, I can do before I go to work.
I prefer to spend money on a cell phone than a watch.
My assessment is a good way to learn and educate myself even though it is stressful.
Helping others with stressful courses. Club Z
Putting in a lot of effort right now and I know that this will pay off later down the track.
I am feeling stressed about the product launch, but at least the product will be launched so that's good.
That moment when you have so much to do, but you, but you know you can handle it.
I'm going through a bad phase, but I can't give up.
Even though the finals make me stressed at least soon I will be over with those and will have a break.
I think I'll be fine when the day comes when I won't have to do my homework. But until that day comes, I need to stay strong.
Just gotta get through finals and then high school is over and I can get on with enjoying the rest of my life.
The fact that I feel older, means that I am smart!
Those days are getting harder and harder to have an all-day calm. I feel like I'm giving in.
At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.
This week is going to be the best, I am going to do so many things.
My work is a bad one, maybe I should quit and I will find something better.
Got an early release from school 3 days in a row and I still never started, something needs to be done about it.
I am confident that with the help of God, I will get through this.
I've done six hours of coursework and need to hand in three assignments by Thursday, but then I'll be done!
Stress is hitting me, but I will find a way to manage it.
Have to come to work on my free day, that's not great, but at least I am making some money
I've had a difficult time with cooking dinner, shopping for food, washing clothes and feeding the dog. I need better time-management skills.
This is not the best time for a mental breakdown, but I know I can get through it.
I wouldn't want to go to an NYC concert for the moment.
I will take a break from my circle to come back stronger!
Am trying to figure out which new car to buy this weekend, it is not that easy though.
I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever I want, hope that soon I am able to go again!
I won't be falling back asleep now, so I may as well get some work done
Stress can make me eat.
I am having a hard time sleeping now, but having things go through the mind, it means there are things which need to be sorted out and that I have things going on in life which I think is good.
There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.
I will find time to clean everything in the room.
Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro
I've got a lot of things to do tonight. I will certainly be ready for sleep tonight!
It is normal to feel lost in life, not knowing where I should go, I think that listening to the advice of someone more experienced would help me a lot in those moments.
So many associations come with the people in your life...
Yesterday was not easy for my sister, but we are here for her and we will help her in her recovery.
I need to keep calm, because there are only 7 and a half days to go. It passed quickly after all.
Make sure to allocate time to breathe when studying.
Even though having high grades can be stressful I know I am able to have them because I am smart.
It seems that all my exams are in the same week.! My professor could have given me the study guides earlier, but not to wait until 2 days before the exam.
I just need to wait for one more grade to see if I passed my statistics finals.
Senior year should be a fun year for me even if it is not at the moment.
Whatever the result of my oral presentation will be, at least I will be done with it so I can move on to other stuff in my life.
Everything makes me stressed at school, including English, but I know that this will be important for me in the future. I can not give up.
I want to watch movies but we do not have a tv in the room.
Even though I am feeling exhausted or almost in a breakdown at least I will be able to go through it since I am strong.
I just did my nails, but now have chores to do, though people have to do things so I have too even though I just did my nails.
Studying hard, but still ready for the end of Feb
I will finish my hair and hit the studio with some dangers!
Needing a holiday badly. Miss vacation
I'm going to feel great when I'm done with this test
Even though there is a court case I have to face it means I just have to be a better person in the future.
Lots to do! I need to work on my priorities and efficiency skills so my sleep doesn't suffer.
I waked up too late, but fortunately if I am lucky I can run fast enough to be there in time.
I love Christmas, and although I'm not good with gifts, I don't get discouraged.
Just waiting for the moment when my college application will be accepted!
Looking at the weather, like "please clear up for my wedding and honeymoon" #justengagedproblems
Still searching for that perfect prom outfit
Need help with getting my family's visas through the backlog.
The fact that I have to move it means new opportunities will open up for me.
Even with the difficulties and stress I am grateful for the trust they had in me to put me in charge.
I feel that I am not prepared for my human biology test. Something that would prevent me from going to school today would make me very happy.
Ignoring homework to think about other things. Daydreaming
Thinking about many things can be good since it means I have things to think about.
I need to learn that not everyone will understand everything I have to say. I will be more adult and deal with my problems alone.
Finishing puzzles is not an easy feat and that's what makes them interesting.
I am not happy that they put my account on hold.
My documents will be reviewed, but I am sure the results will be positive.
I would love to go fishing and have a good time.
Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much
I'm sure I'll feel better and have my voice back by Thursday.
If you feel stressed and want to fix things, we can talk and fix things right up! This won't last forever!
I should learn to not stress out so much over graduation, work and final exams.
This is the earliest I have ever done homework on a sat. I plan on studying hard till Thursday.
It shouldn't be too long until half of Pakistan has woken up and are on break.
Work make me drink so bad, but at least my paycheck is big!
Feeling stressed is part of human nature and I feel that I am strong to overcome it.
Time is passing by so fast, I need to use it well!
This week was very busy, but everything went well, next week will be satisfactory.
2 months left for the NASH fashion show and my dress isn't done yet. All I can think is: "it could be worse".
This was our most difficult assignment so far, but at least it's over.
Many things to solve on the same day, but with calm and wisdom everything will go well.
We need to talk more but nothing that a therapist can't solve!
If I concentrate and think through my problems rationally, I'm bound to find the answers.
Going on vacation to refresh and recharge and get ready to return to the real world
A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.
Some people act up because of the way they look but it shouldn't bother me.
Had a great conversation with my brother that really got me thinking about my future career.
I care more about the quality of the car and reliability than about the design and beauty, being ugly but safe for me is great.
I will be very busy in the next few weeks, I hope to be able to reconcile all activities.
I'm looking forward to recharging at home for a three day weekend.
I have to learn to control my thoughts and think more positively.
School is difficult, but it will get better as time goes by.
Having stress sometimes helps to function better in the situations I will face.
While at Sainsburys to get some punched pockets, I saw a wicker basket and towels I wanted, so I got them too.
My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.
If you are stressed because of debt, a budget will help you a lot.
Life's getting harder every day, which means I am also getting smarter every day.
I had to restart GTA from the beginning, but I'll beat it this time.
I will think more before saying something important to my mom.
I'm feeling very nostalgic about those late night talks, but all I have is the present.
I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool
Obviously, I left so much in my suitcase, it wouldn't fit even my makeup. I will take something that is no longer important.
I do not care about your sexual activities.
I have quite a number of tests and quizzes tomorrow. I am sure if I prepare to the best of my ability, I will do well and be proud of myself
Feeling bad at the moment means that later on I will feel better.
School is expensive, but it will worth it when I'll get my degree!
Even though I don't have many followers on Instagram right now, I know that eventually I will be popular.
The phone advisors in Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.
Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.
Teachers should give assignments in advance, thereby ensuring sufficient time for completion so that students are less stressed.
I don't like my life now, but it will get better soon.
I'm going to think more positively about weddings after I experience one.
I'm going to learn how to think more positively towards the things that I do.
Getting your master's is sure tough, and not as easy as some may think, but it will be worth it in the end.
I never grow tired of going on vacation! I'm already excited for my next one!
Money is easy to come by if it's all you really want to have.
Teaching kids how to consume the news and spot the drama can be stressful or make you feel hopeless but it's just part of the process.
I am pretty sure I will have soon a dog or cat which I can hold and take care of it.
At least after everything I will be moving into another place so I will have a fresh start.
Being anxious before results it just means I care for the outcome.
I couldn't go to the gym today, but it happens. Important is to not get used to it.
Relaxing in the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare so relaxing much needed white g
I'm ready to get away over Spring Break!
After these days go by, I am going to take time and relax for myself.
Lord, I am grateful for your gifts, I know that with your help I can overcome this. Amen.
Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready for my travel to Singapore.
People don't always share the same decisions and that makes life more diverse.
I am very grateful to have a job right after a week off
I just watched officerDowne and BuscadoUnSeuo but I only have access to a part of the movie, at least its better then nothing.
The fact that I am working a lot now, means that later on I will have enough money to relax.
Five days, 4 projects. Finishing this semester off strong
This was the best sleep I've had in years.
The pimples on the face are bad, but I can think of at least 10 things that were very good this week.
I keep my time busy so I can be productive!
Sometimes life changes do us good, as we learn to be more flexible in the face of situations.
I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.
Waiting to get my hair done at the barber's
After I'm done with studying I'll be able to have my dream job!
I will finish paying what I owe and next time I will learn to control my spending
I know I need to eat more, but it is inconvenient to be asked to add things to my plate.
'We got water in the bathroom, but it's not from the taps, it's from the roof! I need to make a call for maintenance and then get me some coffee!
They will accept me at the job because I did a good application and I will be a good worker.
University is very challenging, although I am grateful for the opportunity to improve
When the weekend comes everything from the week will be left behind and I will feel better.
Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.
I am thankful that at least I have my faith and chocolate to get through this week.
We cannot let the stress of the world lead us astray, we need to keep pace and learn every day.
Definitely got some stuff to think through before I go to sleep tonight.
Even though Cassie might be gone for some time at least she will be back and I will enjoy her more.
I have to keep myself strong at this point, it will be a challenge not to be sick with my parents' divorce and my problems together. But I have to be strong at that moment.
I have many things to do before the party, but at least there is a party so I am excited about it.
There are lots of ways to cope with your stress.
Blueberry Wine would be really good right now.
Not everyone becomes a brain surgeon because people should do different things.
I love my best friend because she gives the best hugs.
Being stressed is part of human life so that's normal.
Because I spent a long time studying it means I will be a better person and more knowledgeable.
I am happy to be home after a stressful day.
Working more for less. At least I still have a job
Despite having done a lot today, I feel that I can still do much more.
Customer service wasn't being bad, hopefully the next employee I'll talk to will be better.
Managers are just doing their job when they demand a lot of things.
I will finish it in less then six days.
I need to cook because my mom isn't home, but it will help me learn to cook good food!
Weather cannot always be predicted and that's how nature works so there is not much it can be done about it.
Can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day and relax?
Time and coins were made for wasting.
My bed is enormous and should be great to sleep in.
Be careful when monitoring your blood pressure, you may get the impression that it has increased
Going back to school again means that I will have more knowledge and I will be smarter.
want to go to the beach to have my own time to organize my thoughts and relax
Working on an article due tonight and my phone keeps ringing. Guess I'm popular :)
It's fine to feel on the edge sometimes, but it can not last forever.
Not having hair is not important.
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.
Even though I have all the finals to take it just means that soon I will be over with them.
